["i bought this item a few month ago, at the time on archos' webpage for this item it claims you can attach a digital minicam to it and record live video clips, i have other devices that does exactly what archos av500 does, and 80% of the reason i bought av500 is because of the minicam.  after i got the av500, made sure everything works correctly, i placed an order via their web store for a digital minicam, now a few month later they sent me an email saying they are not selling the minicam anymore. now, i didn't exactly check their webstore everyday, but i doubt that the digicam for av500 was ever sold in the u.s., yet they advertise that item as a feature of av500 on the u.s. website. and they are still selling pal version of the digicam all over europe.  the charger mysteriously stopped working after a month, actually it'd work for about 10 seconds right after you plug it in, then it'd stop charging, i am no expert but it looks like there is a bad capacitor in there, i didn't bother to look for the warrenty papers, instead i place an order online for the charger, that item, too... took them literally months to ship.  i don't have any problem with that product, it just that without the digicam they cheated out of me, it's just another personal dvr like the others i have... now it's just sitting there collecting dust.  ", 'i have tried a little of almost everything with this device.  i have played mp3 music; recorded shows and movies from satellite, vcr, dvd, and other sources; played those recordings on a pc; and stored photos and computer data as if it was an external hard drive.  everything has worked so far.  on the downside, the earphones created instant static (so i substituted them with a set that i have used with a standalone mp3 player), the device is on the thick side, and the external speakers volume does not turn up high enough to listen to (you need to plug external speakers on the headset output to listen to the music or videos if you do not use a headset).  i like the relatively large screen and it almost offsets the negativity due to the thickness of this device.  you can just plug in this device to a pc and play video and/or music etc by double clicking on the file stored on this pvr   it has been easy to use and fun to play with so far for the first couple of months.   ', "i have had my ipod nano for about a week now and i really like it.  my first impression of it was how small it was.  small enough but not to small, they struck a good balance with the nano.    the screen is a very resolution so it can show more information than the larger screen on the mini, not to mention that it's also in color.  the sound quality is great and it has a very good range of volume levels.  this player is another good one from apple and an improvement over the mini.  my only problem i have with nano is that any finger prints shows up on the black surface and the shiny metal back.  the black surface is very easy to scratch. but overall a great product.    ", "i bought this recently and so far i am loving it. it has lots of features and is easy to use.  i like that you can use media player to import songs or you can just copy and paste your mp3 songs directly to it by opening it from my computer(which is the way i'm used to), they don't tell you how in the instructions, but it's easy to figure out. the menu response is a little bit slow, but honestly i usually don't notice it.  the radio reception is great and radio encoding feature is nice.  you can also use it as a data storage device, which is also a feature i use, but you have to have the cable with you if you want to move the data to another computer.  great player overall.  ", "this is a great unit.  more memory than you could possibly need, plus the added bonus of picture viewing.  i've had this one since march 2006 with no technical issues, and i have heard that the new ones that come in different colors have problems so it's too bad they don't make this one anymore.  the menu is easy to navigate and finding the song you want is simple.  the do it yourself on-the-go playlist is great so you can change and add the songs you want to hear.  great player, definitely buy a cheap wall charger and/or car charger for this because the color screen chews up the battery life.  ", "this is my second mp3 player; i had an inexpensive creative that was easy to use and nicely designed but it stopped working after about six months.  i figured i'd try a sony.  i should have done my homework first.  this unit is flimsy, the design is awkward.  you have to use sony's sonic stage to transfer files and it takes forever. not compatable with itunes.  i'm not a tech person but from what i can gather, it's really for playing atrac files, not mp3.  i tried to convert my mp3 files to atrac using sonic stage but this only worked 50% of the time - (maybe i was doing something wrong but i invested about 3 hours and still couldn't get half my files to play.)   this is just a white elephant.  make sure you know what you're buying before you get this.  ", 'first i\'d like to say i\'m more than impressed by iriver\'s latest hd based music player.  i researched several products to find which had the most to offer.  i wound up purchasing the h340 and have had it for about a month now.  here\'s what i found vs the ipod (i\'m using this as a benchmark product since everyone asks "is it better than an ipod?")   the h340 has the following features: the h340 supports mpeg 1/2/2.5 layer 3, ogg, wma, asf 8kbps ~ 320 kbps (ogg: 32kbps ~ 500kbps) id3 v1, id3 v2 2.0, id3 v2 3.0 the ipod does not support ogg and some of the new id formats.  the h340 has a built in multi-region fm tuner with presets (with autoscan), the ipod does not.  the h340 is firmware upgradeable which is very important.  if a new format for music comes out or they want to tweak something upgrading the firmware is a cheaper alternative than buying a new device.  if you search around the internet, there is a firmware upgrade that will let you play video**.  yes real video.  **however, upgrading to a non-us version may void your warranty.  i\'ve tried it myself and it works for me. the ipod does not play video, yes that includes the new ipod photo.  there is a hack out there for the ipod where video is crudely played using a 1 picture per second playback but that is not true video!  the h340 functions as a portable hard drive the ipod does not. (that is without the help of additional software the ipod cannot store files directly like the h340)  you can store not only music, photo and video files on the h340 but you can keep your documents and any other files on there as well!  and unlike the ipod you do not need software to plug the device into another computer.  plug it into a usb2 port and it will show up as another hard drive!    it has a really high quality voice recorder with built in mic the ipod does not.  also, you can record radio, voice or anything from the line directly to a mp3 files using only the h340, no software or pc needed!  the screen sizes on the ipod photo and h340 have the size, 2inch color.  however, the h340 supports 260k colors vs. ipod photo\'s 65.5k colors. the screen on the h340 can be so bright and clear i sometimes need to turn it down to the lowest brightness setting!  as for sound quality, absolutely incredible! the h340 comes with srs wow 3d sound technology built in.  it also has equalizer presets to chose from or create your own settings.   the unit can be charged in 3 to 4 hrs via usb or the power adapter and battery life is 16 hrs!  the ipod photo takes 4 to 5 hours to charge   the cons... the ipod is thinner and a tad lighter, but it\'s like comparing a pack of cigarettes to a pack of playing cards (ipod).  i don\'t mind the h340 being a little thicker.    the ipod has the brand awareness, so if you\'re looking for the instant recognition factor, iriver is not yet there.  form (ipod) vs. function (h340)!  the slideshow feature on the ipod photo is better as it shows more thumbnails of photos, but keep in mind this may be fixed on the iriver via firmware if iriver chooses to do so.   in summary, the h340 offers fm playback, firmware upgrades, picture playback, video playback** (see note above as it does not ship with this functionality!), voice recorder, mp3 encoder for recording directly to it, color screen capable of 260k colors, incredible sound fidelity, is a portable hard drive with no software needed to use, awesome battery stamina and costs less than the ipod 40gb photo version.  as with anything, do your own search and see if my opinion matches your own.   ', 'the only drawbacks to this player are a rather user-unfriendly display that takes some getting used to and a slightly flimsy feel. in spite of that, the fact that it has a display makes it much nicer than the shuffle at only a slightly higher price. you can manipulate which album/group/artist you listen to and that\'s a very nice feature. the fact that it "feels" flimsy is just a personal take and i have no way of knowing how much abuse it can stand. that said, i do take extra care not to find out. i\'m impressed with its capacity since the 512mb seems to have more than twice the song storage as my daughter\'s shuffle with the same memory. i\'m unimpressed with sony\'s music store, but most of my music comes from my own cds, so this is a minor critique. i plan to buy the armband so i don\'t have to carry it in my hand, but even that is no big problem since it\'s small and light. overall, it\'s a good player to use while running, which is my only requirement -- although i\'ve changed to sports headphones rather than the supplied ear buds.  ', "my brief affair with this player lasted about a week, then we broke up.  i wasn't interested in a high maintenance relationship.<p>it all started on the download.  i couldn't get the software to install properly, and the single sheet of instructions provided was not helpful.  ...<p>the software seemed easy enough and i enjoyed the player for a while but was constantly readjusting the ear peices to get better sound.  after a trip to the gym, i knew i'd take it back as the ear peices were awful.<p>perhaps this player would better suit a mac user for an easier download, and perhaps the ear plugs could be replaced, but i wasn't ready to invest anymore in this bumpy ride...  ", 'like many others, when my rio karma died and replacements were not available, i ended up shopping around and getting this player. overall, i am very pleased with the device. it looks great, is easy to use overall, sounds great, and the pictures add to the cool factor. my only two complaints about the device itself would be that you cannot delete tracks directly from the player (you have to use software through your pc) and that scrolling through music only displays title information (not artist/album, like on the karma). neither of those are deal killers, but i do miss the features.   my main gripes are with the software support and documentation. the documentation is weak to start with, and not translated well into english. some of it is indecipherable. read it through once to get necessary tidbits, then put it aside and play with the device to figure the rest out. as for the software support, i don\'t like the fact that they bundled it with napster lite rather than either something proprietary (that worked better) or better integration with windows media player 10 (wmp10). it is fairly well supported through wmp10, but it\'s not comprehensive. for example, it synchronizes the software well but doesn\'t copy or synchronize playlists -- you\'ll need the napster software for that (argh!).   i did have one little problem. when i first loaded my library to the device (about 1200 songs), many of them (about 25%?) didn\'t load with the right genre. that is, the genre in the id3 tag might be "reggae" but the device would display it as "(16)." some would load fine, others wouldn\'t. this was a problem with both napster and wmp10, so i don\'t think it was the player directly. i tried re-entering the genre through wmp10, but it still didn\'t work. when i used moosic organizer to re-write the tags, it worked! i simply re-synced the player with wmp10 after re-entering the tag info and they all loaded just fine.   the photo album is cute, but not terribly useful. the display is large, by mobile device standards, but still small compared to your monitor, or paper pictures. still, it\'s fun to have some pictures on the device to share and the display is very good, despite the size.   the device works great as an external hard drive to your pc. you need a special cable to connect the device to a pc (it\'s not a normal usb cable on the device end), but it functions very well and allows you to use that storage for something other than pictures and music.   finally, the usb host feature should be very handy for people who have compatible cameras. i haven\'t gotten my favorite digital camera (a sony) to work yet, but others seem just fine. i\'m sure more support with come down the road.   overall, a great little device with some nice features. use wmp10 instead of napster and you\'ll be happier. i just hope it holds up better than my rio karma did!  ', "my wife wanted a simple mp3 player that she could work out with, and she's very happy with this.  the included arm band and protective sleeve are perfect for her when she's jogging or on a treadmill, and the sleeve has a belt clip that's nice for when she's using weights and does not want something around her arm.  the only complaint is that the included earbuds tend to fall out when she jogs.  ", 'the software on the rca kazoo is almost impossible for me to figure out.  the rca kazoo\'s headphones also "are bad".  i think it is too expensive for what its worth and i am asking you not to buy this peice of junk.  ', "while i wasn't ecstatic about receiving an iriver (i wanted an ipod), once i started using it i really loved it. it works well with windows media player, i didn't have to download any software and moving around the menu is extremely easy. i didn't have the charging and battery problems everyone else had, but maybe that's because i read the manual. you don't have to connect to the computer to charge it; you need only connect the mp3 side of the usb cable to your player and then connect the ac adapter to player/wall. the only thing i needed to do to my player was update the firmware, which was easy if you can follow directions. songs aren't always played in order (kind of annoying), but not so much that it ruined my experience with the player. smart and affordable buy!  ", 'the best thing about the zen micro photo is the ease of use.  for many people who are not experienced with computers, this product makes it easy.  you install the software and your done.  you rip a cd or add tracks already on your computer and then quickly put them on the micro photo.  i had the thing going 15 miniutes after i had it out of the box!  the micro photo is easy to use, has a removable battery so you can just buy a new one, without having to send the entire product back to the manafactuer " cough cough apple"  plus has and * gigabyte hard drive so there is plenty of space. not to mention it\'s loaded with features, such as a fm tuner, microphone, and the ability to show photos. creative makes a superior product and i recommend this to any one who wants more bang for their buck!   ', "buying this product was a huge mistake.  i urge you to refrain from buying any type of sony product that uses sony connect.  it is the worst software when it comes to adding music to the player.   the player itself was okay, great battery life, so-so screen, great idea with the usb connect.  all of this is washed out because of sony connect.  it makes adding music to the player because of share rights.  basically cd's that you own and burn to your computer are useless.  customer service is terrible.  that's right sony, i am calling you out of your hole.  i will never buy another sony product (which i consider their other proucts great) because of my distaste for sony connect. do not buy this product.  i hate you sony!  ", 'complaints are thus:  i have never in my life had any hardware or software give me half the amount of trouble this one product has, and this includes my cartridge blowing nintendo days.    -battery has been replaced 3 times under warranty.  still doesn\'t work.  -never got the usb charger to work (the wall adapter to fix this ranges from $30-60, which their tech support will be more than happy to sell you). -battery never lasted more than 2 hours after two or three uses.   -the potential to "break" your ipod through "improper" software use ensured a few dozen reboots.   -toss in a heapin\' helpin\' of branded software like itunes and quicktime that ensure you can never use anything but their product.    i don\'t think i will ever purchase anything from apple again.  if you can avoid them, do.  their products don\'t last for poop.     ', "the h10 iriver is a very convienent product to have and it has served me well. if you intend to use it for taping lectures an want to be able to scan to specific points inthe lecture, though, this may not be for you. the fast forward scanning is slow, it is made mainly for music. if you intend to label your recordings also you need a computer so if you don't hae access this can be irratating. so if you plan to use it for music and downloading this is a very good option for its price. for anything else i think other mp3 players have better options.   ", 'i have had my mrobe mr-100 for 3 days now.  i have gotten 3 different errors on it, the latest being a fatal system error, which apparently requires my sending it to olympus to fix.  i am not a computer retard.. i know a lot about them.  this is quality hardware (the same cpu as the apple ipod the pp5020) but absolutly crap for software.  by software i mean the music managment software (mtrip) and the firmware and software within the mrobe.  it really pisses me off that a player that costs over $100 can have such poor quality control.  save your money for another month and get an ipod mini.  ', 'we bought our daughter a t10 for christmas.  our son got a t9 last year and liked it so we figured the t10 would be even better.  it seems neat, has lots of nice options and sounds good but the big problem our daughter is experiencing is with the shuffle function.  it plays the same songs over and over in the same order and does not play all songs.  we have contacted samsung in search of a solution for the malfunction.  if there is not one we will have to return this product.  does anyone have an idea how to correct the problem?  ', 'i had to replace it because it crashed on me and i only had it for about 5 months.  ', "i got my first ipod (1st generation, 5g, pc version) 3 years ago. during the 1st year, it's barely used. but right after the 1 year warranty expired, it's playlist always becomes empty after i unplug it from my pc.  then i started running ipod for windows 1.4 with itune 4.6. everything worked fine when i plug ipod and set up playlists and songs under ipod in itune. but after unplug, ipod just jump to language selection, browse to playlist, it has nothing! browse can see no songs either! i went to &#34;settings-&#62;about&#34;, it reads: songs:0 ca... 4294967295 gb (can't be!) av... 4294967295 gb (can't be either!) version 1.4 s/n    (some number) format: unknown (should be windows)  i posted help message onto comp.sys.mac.system group, got reply to let me restore ipod software. i tried every ipod update, they all worked the same way. or i should say none of them worked.  i also walked into apple store, the technician there said he couldn't help since the warranty expired.  after months of struggles, i finally gave up. the good news is that i can still use it as hard drive. but it has absolute no ability to play any music ---- although all playlist and songs show up when i plug it in itune.  the story doesn't end here. i thought my 1st ipod is just old, maybe it's time to get a new one. i spent $399 + tax got an 40gb ipod last week.  hooked up with pc and itune, set up my playlist and mp3, unplug for the first time, the lovely playlist shows up! i'm so glad to be able to play music on ipod then.  but on the very first day, the top menu button doesn't response to cilck while playing. this is a brand new 40gb ipod and just started to work for the very first day! i can not do anything but to reset it, ok, it started to work again.  on the 3rd day, i pluged in to update my plyalist again. when unplug, surpriseingly, all playlists are empty! songs count shows zero! it actually has more than 10g mp3s loaded! do i need to reset it again?  reset, no playlist still. reset again, still nothing! reset for the 3rd time, just behaves exactly as my old 5g ipod --- no playlist at all!!  i have nothing to do again, i'll return it and get other device. it's a really nice-looking buggy crap!!!    ", "i bought this mp3 player over an ipod nano over a year ago and still use and like it. it doesn't compare with the new nano's but is better than the previous generation of nano's. it's well built but still should have a protective case for the obvious reasons. the touchpad was a bit tricky at first, but i figured it out in a few days just like everyone else.   the things that keep me from giving it a 5 star rating are the following; it takes awhile to charge and the wall chargers are hard to find, plus they're over $25 without shipping, if you find it. but maybe this is just me since this is my first mp3 player of this sort. maybe the ipods take hours to fully charge as well. the other thing is that i have an apple macbook, and so their is only one freeware program that lets me use this on a mac, but it commonly requires that i replug it several times to have it detected.     bottom line is that the thing works very good.  ", "i could have purchased something a little cheaper with the same storage size, but we love sony products so i went with this after looking at mp3 players for a long time.  it is so cute!  mom's need a few cute things that are their own.  512mb seems miniscule compared to the multi-gb models of players out there now, but really, i just download radio show files that i don't get to listen to normally to listen to them when i walk...along with 50 or 60 songs that i really like.  so it's perfect for me.  you can always swap them out.  plus i'm not storing my entire music library on there, and i don't think most people that have everything loaded on their players listen to 10% of the files.  i love the usb connect/charger.  easy to use.  the software isn't so bad.  my computer is just under a year old, so that might help.  i'm still trying to figure out the details on it, but i never read the instructions so it's my own fault...and thanks to the other reviewer that mentioned the wallpaper thing.  i don't wear a watch normally, so the fact you can put a clock on there is great to know.  only downside i've come across is the slow fast forward function...i get by though.   ", 'i bought this player because i needed a small fm radio to listen while at work. the tuner works fine but not perfect. it picks up reception from the headphone cord which is the reason for the so-so reception.  i like that the player connects and charges through a standard usb plug instead of a mini-usb socket that needs a small usb cable to use. the player recharges fine with any wall charger with a usb port. the cover for the usb plug fits firmly and blends with the rest of the player.   i also like the style of the oled screen. there is a microphone and an option to record a fm station, but i never use those options.   my major problem with this player is that it resets all of its settings and preset fm stations randomly. sometimes the player will be stable for a week, and sometimes the player will reset 1 or 2 times in a day. it\'s very frustrating to search and preset all of my favorite stations after a random reset.  another problem i have is that the "play all" option for mp3 music automatically sorts the songs by the reverse order that they were loaded into the player. this makes for a tedious time loading up multiple parts of a podcast in correct order to the player.   an obscure problem that i ran into was that it makes winamp crash while it was plugged into one of the computer\'s usb socket. deleting a file in winamp that syncs it to mp3 players solves that problem.  the player claims to have 15 hours on a full battery recharge. the most time that i\'m used the player on one fully-charged battery is about 11 hours.  this player had great potential to be a great mp3 player, but too many problems had ruined that opportunity. overall, if i had a second chance, i would not buy this player again.   ', 'i tested this player for about a week, and i ultimately returned the product.<p>i bought the product for its attractive style, obvious athletic uses, and rugged design.  setting up the product with batteries and listening to the sample songs is very easy.  one of the strong points of this model is its excellent volume and good sound.<p>i returned this product for several reasons.  first, the remote control unit stopped working after approximately two days.  new batteries and hardware tweaking did not fix it.  next, the batteries seem to be drained even in the off position.  i was surprised how often i had to change out the batteries.  finally, the software is horrible.  i could never get it working in winxp - only on an older computer running win98.  the controls are clunky and difficult to use, while transferring files to the player is anything but intuitive.<p>unfortunately, the strengths do not overcome the weaknesses in this case.  this might be worth a buy if you only want to transfer your files once and then use the player without the remote control.  do your research as the remote control problem is a known problem.<p>you are better off finding a better product.  ', 'i bought the creative nomad zen xtra 30gb around the start of the new year. by mid may, the player would get hung on the eax soound screen and wouldn\'t fully turn on. since it was only about a month out of its warrenty, they would not help with a costumer service line or anything, but i had to send an email to the company. well, after much hassel and faulty instructions about how to "update my firmware" i ended up having to send my product into the company in texas so they could fix it. now, not only was it a problem because i couldn\'t listen to my music anymore, but i also had to pay a hefty $40 fee just to return it, and if there was more to the problem than just my firmware, i would have to pay another $40! about three weeks later, they sent back a refurbished 40gb player that works just fine, but now i have the task of uploading almost 25gb of music back on. speaking for myself, they were not helpful what so ever, the warrenty sucked and should have been extended so things like this don\'t happen, and they tried to buy me off with a bigger player.     one a side note, this player is huge! i know you are getting alot of memory and all, but this is in no way sleek or descrete. i can\'t fit it into any of my pockets or just carry it around because it it bigger than my hand! it may not look so big in pictures, but don\'t be fooled!  ', "i tried two of these, and took both back.  maybe bestbuy just had a bad batch, but both were defective.  it would get stuck, sound like a broken record, and i couldn't advance or go back.  ", 'i had one of these for about a year before my little brother yanked it down from the desk and righit onto hard wood, it still worked, but the screen died, and i didnt feel like replacing it, so i just got something else. but like i said, if youve ever used an ipod or itunes, you know that their very easy to use, and creative isnt quite as good but their catching up. now they may be harder to use (for the first week until you get used to them) but creative packs this thing with tons of extra stuff, im too lazy to list them, but i would definately buy this over an ipod nano if you know how to work, and figure out how to use things well, but if you just want something siple to use, and ipod might be better, but if you just want to play music (and not use the extra features on the zen v) then its a pretty simple music player.  ', 'i apologize in advance that i am able to offer no insight whatsoever into this player\'s capabilities.  you see, mine does not work.  this would be much less a problem if archos\' customer support functioned at all.  perhaps in this day and age it is too much to ask, but given what i paid for this device, to say nothing of the money you have to sink into accessories before it will do almost anything, it seems reasonable to ask for more.  the only available technical support is a baffling webform on the archos website, and although they promise a response in two business days, they have never gotten back to me in less than a week.    after some fantastically stupid "support", they finally agreed to fix it.  i sent it to them, they sent it back and absolutely nothing has changed (it has a bad hard drive or processor, hard to say which) and the problem is obvious enough that they clearly did not qa the thing at all before they sent it back.  so now i am getting back on the carousel.  sigh.  many of the opinions on here seem well-considered, so you should certainly believe them about functionality.  however, if you buy this and you ever need the company (this is not a $40 disposable player, after all), it will be a sad, sad day for you stretching on into weeks, maybe months.  ', 'an excellent item. the only drawback is that the system does not receive radio signals very well without something plugged in acting like an antenna. when the antenna or the power cord are plugged in reception is good but bad otherwise.  ', "this player has constant connection problems, and either the software or the player constantly freezes.  i've tried resetting the player, and that unfreezes it.. until you try to download again..  this is a headache, and i certainly wouldn't recommend it as a gift for anyone who doesn't enjoy spending hours on a computer trying to get it to work right.  ", 'i can\'t describe this mp3 with words "great" it\'s more than great. it fits my pocket, and it\'s music quality is great. my sister and i bought this incredible mp3 with doubts but, it is more than great. if somebody is considering buying an mp3, i strongly recommend to buy this iriver.  thank you, thank you, thank you!  ', "initial review (april 2005) i don't like apple and neither understand nor want to participate in the ipod mania. my experience with sony walkmans (i've got two md walkmans before plus md hardware) has always been positive, and the choice of nw-hd3 was obvious.  here are my impressions:  + sound quality in incredible (i don't have the background noise some people are complaining about); + navigation is convenient; i'm able to control the device when it's in my pocket; + native mp3 playback is nice: i've got my previous collection of 300 cds encoded into mp3 because i couldn't take all of the cds with me when i moved; nw-hd3 didn't require me to decrease the already decreased quality of the music by converting mp3s into atrac.  * the battery lasts for 14-16 hours, not 30 (i'm mostly listening to atrac3plus-encoded music); * the charger is inconvenient but seems to be hard to break :) * the screen is large but long song names get scrolled just once. * sony's hd-case1 hard carrying case became available just recently; it's still hard to find. it's a must if you don't carry your hd3 in your pocket (as i do). * sony connect music store is a joke. it doesn't have what i like (various kinds of metal and rock). i downloaded a few songs from it and they seemed to be in atrac3 132 kbps - could've been atrac3plus 256 (i didn't find a way to switch the format).  - the software takes getting used to. i tried sonicstage 2.3, 3.0 and 3.1. upgrade requires you to re-authorize your player (kind of inconvenient). the latest release of sonicstage (3.1) occasinally terminates with some error. - the player sorts music by album name, not by the release year. it's a bit confusing. - the most annoying feature is that the player forgets the song that was played before charging it, and you have to look for it again.  it should be noted that i don't need some features many people find extremely useful: playlists, genres, games, organizers, etc. i know all the albums i record on my player (so far i've put 12 gigs into it), and thanks to the fast navigation i can access any of them in a matter of seconds.  buying this walkman was my conscious decision which i didn't regret.  update after 2006-01-31. the walkman freezes for 20-40 seconds every 3-4 hours, and sony suggested me to pay them $83 for figuring out what the problem is. next time i will think twice before buying their harddrive-based gadgets.  ", 'i dont recommend to buy this item. it is getting hung frequently and i need to wait till the battey drain to restart the system. some times i am not able to reset the system also. i replaced this item from amazon and even the second item is also having the issue.  i am totally not satisfied with this product.  ', "after about a month it started freezing regularly when i tried to turn it off. the only way to unfreeze the thing was to take the battery out. then, about a week later, it just completely froze, and the screen showed a picture of an unhappy zen micro...   well, obviously this wasn't normal, so i called creative and they said normally they would replace it, but they discontinued the product. oh well, i did get my money back, and the customer service was good, so 4 stars. i really liked it, and i would recommend it, i just hope it doesn't break.  ", 'after doing quite a bit of research, i settled on this mp3 player as the "big" gift for my daughter this christmas. she was thrilled to open it christmas morning, and we immediately loaded a few cds on the device so she could enjoy it. by christmas evening...i was having problems. as she attempted to load a couple more cds, the computer could not recognize the device any longer. i went to the creative website and went through the troublshooting. i immediately was downloading "patches" and fixes" and "firmware" updates. when it was over, the device worked! great! i solved the problem. surely it will be a smooth ride from here. it just needed an update. wrong! the device worked smoothly for about a week afterward when it started to freeze. once frozen, it reverted back to the orginal problem of the computer not recognizing it. as other reviews have mentioned, the only way to unfreeze this device is to jam a bent safety pin into the side of it and hope that works, or wait until the battery dies completely and try again. so, now i have a device that freezes within minutes of getting it running and my computer won\'t recognize it.  my story isn\'t over yet. i still have to attempt to get customer service from creative. based on other reviews, it looks like that will require a phone call to a foreign land where they will no doubt want me to spend an hour asking me to download the same "patches, "fixes", and firmware. i just want my money back.  so...if you\'re looking for an mp3 player that you will need to dedicate three hours of tech support per week to and will work half the time after doign so...this is probably the one for you. otherwise, look for something else.   ', 'it is a well established truism that sony\'s primary operating software for their mp3 players is dreadful.  however, they have had the foresight to make available a drag-n-drop "mp3 manager" that is ingenious in its utter simplicity. (makes you wonder why they just don\'t tweak their miserable sonic software that is both user-un-friendly and, apparently, hyper-suspicious re piracy concerns.)  i have found the mp3 manager software not only at the sony site but at a couple other places online.  once installed, it automatically opens when you connect your player via usb, and opens a window that permits you to delete and add music files with the greatest of ease.  note, though, it will only work with mp3 formatted files, and won\'t abide, e.g., wma format.  i have not yet received my nw-e507 (but give it 4 stars based on my experience with the nw-e75 i currently own), but the software works quite well with my nw-e75 (of which i am replacing with the nw-e507 only for the greater 1 gig v. 256mb storage capacity).  i assume, based on a couple postings here, that the mp3 manager software works equally as well with the nw-e507 (assume and hope....).  ', 'great product! it was exactly how it was described and i had no problems with the transaction at all. i bought this as a gift and he was very happy with it.  ', "the video quality is fair,lots of pixals, the sound quality is very good. the downfall of this product is its software no way to convert video files, i had to purchase 3rd party software $60 plus dollars. archos 700 does not sync with windows media player 10 unless you use harddrive mode which does not convert files correctly.  i paid way to much for this product wish i had not of purchased it.  i just recently purchased creative labs zen m, for half the price and wow what a product, killer video and audio, built in radio with radio recorder, and guess what it comes with its own software.  i put 285 songs 185 photos and 16 full length movies in about 1 hour. the archos 700 has taken weeks to convert and configure video's  final results: don't buy the archos 700 over priced and not ready for the market.  do buy the creative labs zen m, wow wow and wow what a great product.  ", "i am actually on my 3rd h10 having had to receive 2 rma numbers from iriver.     the number of issues i have w/ this thing is difficult to even tally up.  generally i wouldn't bother writing a reveiw; however, this morning i find myself having to wipe the piece of cr*p clean for the 30th time and re-syncing several thousand songs once again.  i'm not even going to bother.  i'm just going to go buy a new mp3 player and be done w/ it.  if you buy one of these things after reading this then i can only assume you are a masochist.  ", 'hi i am 19 and i got this mp3 a gift from the us and its really cool and its soo good and you can record any thing on the radio music and many on the radio to record so this is the  #1 player best choice   ', 'this product its bad at the second time ive used it broke out and it can be use    ', 'one of the best player i ever got.  and i went through alot of other mp3 players before: - ipod mini - muvo2 4 gb - ireiver ifp-190t (256 meg) - creative nomad.  etc..  along with all the other stuff, pros and cons that other people didnt\' mention before: pro:  - usb cable is standard size (so u can use cable from anyone, instead of paying up the a$$ for expensive proprietory cables) - mp3 encoding and voice recording is pretty good quality and small size - line-in mp3 encoding offer 96k, 128k, and 160k quality - fm radio has good reception and have have intuitive autoscanning and preset setup - encodes files are in mp3 format and voice recording is in wav format. so no need to convert it or load a proprietory program to convert it (that was pis me off about the i-river 190 player) - no software needed.  just plug in and it shows up as a removable drive   cons: - the left/right rocker is kinda not that that easy to use. i wish they would have swap the rocker and volume control buttons. as i use "next/previous track" buttons more - for some reason afew of my songs would miss the first 3-4 seconds of the song. those songs sounded fine in my other players - the wrapper that it comes in be careful when opening, it can cut you :p - when recording from fm radio the record quality is not mp3 quality but wav like voice recording (but better quality) - the little "bump" near the back for a lanyard is useless because it\'s too small for any of my lanyard  -  no playlist feature. it plays from the folders.  not that much of a problem if u have few songs but when u get to 1 gig versions it\'s a pain to move from song to song since u can\'t jump.  ', "i've had this little player for probably 2 years now, and it's always been a very easy to use, dependable and tough little unit. mine's been left in the car for a week at -40, it's been stuck inside a hot glove compartment for days, it's been dropped, thrown, covered in dirt, all sorts of abuse, and yet it still runs beautifully. one aaa battery can run for 50-70 hours, depending on brand. can't get much better then that! my only complaint is there's no drag & drop option, you need the program, but thats minor.  as for people saying it won't play certain mp3s, out of all the times i've used it, i've only had that error on maybe 5 mp3s out of hundreds, and sometimes, just renaming the file so it's only alphanumeric made it work fine.  [...]  ", 'pros: easy set up..easy song and pic transfer..lcd screen has excellent quality..transfering songs can be done numerous ways..ie...software..wmp..drag and drop in explorer..sound quality is very good  cons: doesn\'t have the ability to make a playlist without connecting to the pc..supplied headphones sounded very good but where a bit large and hard to get to stay in my ears(i suggest koss "the plug" or koss "the sparkplug" earbuds   ', "about six months ago i was bound and determined to buy and mp3 player.  before i purchased this player, i had had an ipod.  the sound quality on the player is very good, though, of course, the ear buds are not of the best quality; they're just your average free-with-your-purchase ear buds.  it doesn't take long to charge, but i find that sometimes it doesn't quite last as long as the twelve hours it's supposed to.  other than that, the performance of it is very good.  the h10 is also very durable; i've taken it with me everywhere without the case on and there still isn't a scratch on it.  it synchs easily with windows media player 10, and had the added feature of storing text files and pictures.  my only small complaints are that a) it isn't an audibleready device, and b) it doesn't come with any amusing little games like ipod does.  all in all, it's a great mp3 player, and i'd buy it again in a second!  ", 'i purchased 5 of these as gifts for my family members for christmas. i spent a great deal of time trying to download songs on them. there were no detailed instructions in the package explaining the download. i had to contact the company for instructions and when they were followed i still could not download songs on them. i own an ipod and a dell mp3. i had no problems with them at all. also, when i tried to return the product to the company i purchased them from, i had to get an ra number before returning them. i called the company several times before i actually got a person to get an ra number from.  ', 'when i got my hands on the pmc-120 i thought this was going to to be the best player but when i started to play with it all the glitches started to come into my way. i agree with the other reviews that it has a first generation-device feel to it.  music: when i tried to put music in my pmc it syncronized  my mp3s with the wmp 10 with no problem (very fast). if u are looking for a grab and drop (copy/paste) your music mp3 device, this is not for you because when i did  it got everything in one same folder that read "unknown artist and album". so you have to put all your mp3s via wmp 10, wich is no problem for me because it does it very fast. the problems that i encountered is that it only has one "portable playlist"  and sometimes when im playing an mp3 and navegating through the other albums the controls respond 1 to 2 seconds later after pushing the button. one cool thing is that it shows the cd covers  without having to put them in. this is done via the wmp10. the sound is very good and crisp, and the equalizer setups are fair.but you defenetly cant tell the difference between the diffrent eq setups with the built in speacker wich has a very small horrible sound.  pictures: this is basically a grab and drop procedure to get your pics in the device and you can arrenge them in folders or subfolders. you can not transfer directly from your camera so if you are travelling and dont have a pc to transfer your pics this little baby wont do that job for you.  video: ok, now this is where it starts to get frustrating for me... i wanted a portable media device that i would only grab and drop my movies that are divx and xvid.  i knew that this device only reads wmv but it "supports" divx, xvid, mpeg, etc. this "support" deppends on what the wmp10 can play. so this means that you sincronyze (via wmp10) your movies no matter the format and it converts them into wmp movies and at the same time it just transferes it and fits it into your pmc secreen size.  i had this in mind when i bought it and was fine with me untill i tried it the first time: the wmp10 wouldnt convert my xvid movies and after a few hours of trial and error and surfing the web my problem was that i had to have the correct video codecs that are compatibles with the wmp10. so after uninstalling and installing i was good to go so i converted a 1:45hr long movie in only 25 minutes.  but this short moment of joy  was suddenly interrupted by the fact that the wmp10 fits the widescreen movies into the pmc and makes all the images long and thin almost unwatchable!!!! you cant change this because the wmp does this automatically.  my answer was using other software and converting my widescreen movies into wmv files. the problem is that it takes almost the running time of the movies to convert...i have tried a lot of different softwares and still havent found one that does it faster as the wmp10. in the other hand if you have a full screen video you just use the wmp10 and it does it very fast and with good quality. you can connect your device to the tv but the resolution is very low so i think this option is useless on the pmc.  so the veredict is: the pmc-120 is a good  multimedia player with minor glitches. it is a little bulky but personally i think the size is not that big. i think the good side of the size issue comes along with its  big 3.6 inch screen wich is great to watch films and this for me kicks arse compared to the ipod video.  if you want to play directly your divx or xvid movies on your player buy another porduct like the iriver pmp series or the archos players wich are way, way, way more expensive. so i think that for the price and for what it does the pmc-120 gets two thumbs up.   ', "i bougth this player almost one year ago. from the first minute i was dissapointed by the sound quality. compares with old cassette player (not even with the worst cd player). battery average life was under 10 hours.  doesn't connect directly to usb (had to carry always with me the cable huge connector). documentation is poor. it took me over 2 months of web research to find out how to create playlists (you sinply transfer the .m3u files to the root of the audible folder). finally after 10 months the player is broken. after a media transfer with my pc it was never stopped updating the storage so the only sollution was to take out the battery. after restart the player was frozen with the last song played before the media transfer and the battery level on red (no control working, not even the power button). i wrote to the sandisk support twice (they never responded to the phone either). buying again from sandisk? never!!!  ", "no problems here it does what it says it does and nothing more. i love it, only had it a week. (also own a lyra) it's has issues, but dont they all. for what you get you cant beat it.   ", "you need to install a sony software to upload and dowload music. i didn't liked it.   ", "my beloved zen micro photo's hard drive died, but thankfully, i had big box retailer's extended warranty on it. unfortunately, they no longer stock that unit, so i had to pick out another one. the sansa looked like the best out of the bunch: small, high-quality screen, video playback, high capacity, flash-based, and most importantly, it had a built-in voice recorder.  almost from the outset, there were problems. i don't use any online music services, so having rhapsody foisted upon me was an immediate annoyance. the media manager application had a propensity to randomly crash, particularly in the middle of file transfers. not good. the design felt very badly thought out, with a mechanical scroll wheel that feels rough and gets stuck (i see why apple dumped them!), and buttons that are tiny, hard to press, and don't feel like they're being pushed when they are.   but the real deal-killer for me was a problem i don't think many others will experience: i have a great deal of music whose filenames and id3 tags are written in japanese characters. the sansa's us firmware does not support japanese (and other asian languages as well, i'd assume), and as a result, the player will choke whenever it's asked to play a file with even one japanese character in it. since about half my music library fits that description, and it would take forever to go back and manually rename all those files in english, i was extremely annoyed. perhaps a firmware flash would fix it? i tried to get some firmware of sandisk's japanese site, but they don't have any direct downloads. maybe the newest us firmware has asian language support, i thought to myself. i found the firmware, unzipped it, and loaded it onto my player.  dead as a doornail. tried it again. and again. and again. at that point, i just gave up.  some people don't seem to have any problems with this. well, more power to you, i guess, but based on my experience, this is not something i would recommend. if you're in the market for an ipod alternative, creative's units still offer the best combination of features, functionality, and design.   now i just need to figure out what i'm gonna buy after i return this thing.  ", 'i have loved the unit itself.  i had a minor issue in which i had to send it off for warranty work a few months after the purchase.  it has worked great & i have enjoyed the quality of the mp3 player itself.  the problem is that after less than 2 years of it being out, it is no longer possible to find the armband to carry it in.  i have looked all over the sony website & called their sales department.  it is not available anywhere.  i have used the google search engine looking for any place that might sell it.  amazon has a listing for it, but does not have any to sell anymore.  ', "the creative nano plus is a very reliable mp3 player-- the sound is crisp, it plays smoothly, you can record on it as well as listen to fm and am radio, and all for a very reasonable price.  although it is not specifically compatible with itunes, what i do is burn my playlist onto a disk, and then rip that onto my mp3 player.  when you first hook it up to your computer, it installs everything you'll need-- help, a way to rip audio cds onto your player, as well as much more. my only complaint is that the ear buds which come with this player are very cheap, and uncomfortable.  i recommend you buy a new pair or use old headphones, instead of using their's. other than that, i highly recommend this mp3 player.  much better, i think, than any, more expensive player.  a great deal for you money!  ", "the unit wouldn't support drm, so any songs downloaded from the internet were not usable on the player.  once we got some cd's burned and songs copied on it crashed and was never recoverable.  the voice recording feature also never worked like it said it would.  ", 'the unit is small, light, and easy to use.  the faceplate/button combo has a firm feel to it with no sloppiness.  the only thing i am a little disappoined in is that i can only fit 133 songs on the unit, but for the price, i can live with it.  i can live with it just fine.  one more point;  the aaa battery gives all the time promised and then some.  overall, i love it!  ', 'i love iriver products, and was blown away with the sound on this player, but i had unresolvable problems with the player and windows media 10. i downloaded the "fix" from the iriver site, but i just couldn\'t get it to work without re-running the "fix" over and over again. finally, i returned the player to best buy, severely disappointed.  they need to create a new version of iriver music manager as an alternative so one can just drag and drop the songs from your hard drive to the player. the windows media 10 is incomprehensible to use; and the connectivity "for sure" is not sure at all! furthermore, the documentation doesn\'t explain how to get photos on the player. wm 10 placed them on the file system, but the only way to see them was to use the file "browser" on the h10. another problem was that the playlists were all "out" of sequenced from the alphabetical order i created on wm10. (this was when i could get the wm10 to recognize it). after awhile, i couldn\'t get wm10 to connect to the h10 at all.  calls to the tech support line yielded busy signals for 2 days. my email to customer service has yet to be answered.  this has soured me from purchasing iriver products for some time. too bad for them.....  ', 'i\'m new to mp3 players so i\'m still working out how to transfer and arrage the files.  i say "files" rather than music because i\'m more interested in recorded books and podcasts than music. music does sound great using the earphones that came with it - and the books sound great, too, but it\'s still a trial and error process getting all tracks of all discs of a book in order.  that will take a little more practice on my part.  the touchpad also took a little getting used to, but i was able to master it in a day or two. i was not happy when i realized that the only way provided to charge it was by hooking it up to the computer usb port.  that means you have to take your computer on the road with you.  no wall outlet or auto adapter was provided. all in all i\'m pleased with this purchase - and i suspect i\'ll like it better after i\'ve had some time to figure out how to arrange the files or playlists.  ', 'this product that sandisk markets is not compatible with mac computers. the manufactor does not disclose the fact it is not compatible with a mac computer, until you call for tech support at sandisk. when asked how to resolve the problem is to return it or sell it to someone else. sandisk is not accountable for the error and dismisses the customer to resolve their error. i give this product a zero because of the lack of integrity by the company.   ', 'i purchased the 8gb creative zen v plus player during the first week in february.  i am returning it and this is why:  the package arrived from amazon.  i loaded up the software on my computer, then hooked up the player through the usb cord.  i let it charge for 6 hours like the instructions state.   then i proceeded to load some of my music onto the player.  so after the music was loaded, i disconnected the player from the usb cable and started to listen to the music.  the sound quality was good, the player is easy to navigate in the menus, etc...  the problem was about half the music i uploaded was not on the player.  i could see the folder and menu option for the artist or genre but the actual file was not there.  so i plugged the player back into the usb cord, and pulled up the file location on the player through the computer.  the file was there and i could play it just fine through windows media player.  i tried to access it again through the player and it was not there.  then i accessed through the computer just fine.    all my songs, all 4,500 of them, are in mp3 format from 56kps for my audio books to 192kps for the songs i ripped from cd\'s.  the player just wouldn\'t read about half my songs.  there was really no rhyme or reason on whish songs it would recognize.  i would load an entire album of 15 songs and i could only play 6 or 7 tracks.  this happened with my entire music collection.    so i thought maybe the firmware was out of date so i uploaded all the updates from creative which did include a firmware update.  it did not solve the problem.  i then uploaded some of the same songs that would not play on the zen v plus onto my 3 year old rio and original ipod shuffle and they played just fine.  i was frustrated at this point so i called the creative customer service.  it is strange because they do not post the number for there company anywhere on there website and now i understand why.  they have the worst customer service/tech department of any computer/electronic company i have ever spoke with.  after three calls, never speaking to someone who i could fully understand as english was definitely not a first language, more like a 3rd or 4th language, i arrived nowhere.  they kept telling me they were emailing document to me on how to resolve the problem.  no email ever came, checked the junk folder and every other possible place.  so i tried a fourth call.  this guy basically called me stupid from what i could understand, saying "i can\'t believe you americans" and then mumbled something in another language.   i asked for a supervisor. he told me that he would escalate my call and someone would call me in 2-3 days.  then he hung up.    i was really amazed that a company would treat its customers in this nature.  they really have to respect for there customers and do not want to help them in any way.  so i am returning the creative zen v plus player and i also don\'t plan on buying anything from creative again.   by the way, after all this, the problem never was fixed.    also, when doing research on this product, i came across a couple articles and reviews that stated this player would play divx files.  this is not true.  this player will not play any files without being converted first.  i took an avi video that was 100mb and it converted it into a 1.2gb file.  the format they use is absolutely a waste of space.  if you want to upload an entire movie on mpeg or avi format, it will end up taking the entire 8gb of space if not more.  i converted the movie cars for my son on a short road trip thinking i could have my music plus his movie.  i was wrong, the movie took up 7.1gb after being converted.  i would not recommend this product to anyone.  as much as i don\'t like the ipod, i would recommend it over the zen v plus because:  1. it plays all my music 2.  they have a customer service/tech support that helps you and cares about its customers.  i hope this helps anyone looking at this player.  jeff   ', "unfortunately, when i bought this thing it was new on the market, so the horror stories that are seemingly abundant now weren't around to warn me off back then. needless to say, i have been plagued by problems with my pmc-120 from quite early on. my pmc has since totally died and despite testing with new batteries etc, turns on but does not respond.... rubbish!! considering i paid $300+ this is unacceptable.   to add insult to injury, iriver north america has not responded to my emails. therefore, the warranty i paid for is effectively useless.please don't buy this product. there are other portable media centers out there, like the toshiba gigabeat and the dreameo, but i'm really not sure if they're any good either!! like others here, i am doing my utmost to warn people away from making the mistake of buying one of these infernal contraptions.   a7  ", 'i was looking for a simple mp3 player for my 6 year old (and my 38 year old too) but i didn\'t want to spend $80 or more just to have it get lost or forgotten somewhere.  even the so called "kids" mp3 players available are at least $80 or more in the toy stores.  i found this one for under $40 and it has been a great bang for the buck!  it actually does a bit more than i expected for the price.  it allows you to scroll through menus to choose music, ebooks, sort through your albums and even has a little voice recorder.  the voice recorder is great fun for the kids.  it is smaller than i expected too but the buttons are easy to learn and it is so light weight.   the earbuds are less than comfortable, but what do you expect when they "come with".  for the price, don\'t expect alot of bells and whistles, but this one has enough to compete with the pricey models out there.  ', 'i bought this mp3 player for my middle schooler, and i was very pleased with the price and quality.  it holds enough music, and it\'s not so expensive that if he loses it that i\'ll be beside myself with frustration.  the two real problems i have are that the headphones broke within two weeks; and we still have no idea how to turn the thing off. (there\'s an auto shut-off that you can set for 5 minutes of inactivity or something like that, but you can\'t just manually push an "off" button.)   outside of that, it\'s stylish and small.  uploading the music is very easy...just copy and paste.  i\'m thinking it has to be in mp3 format.   the player doesn\'t recognize .wma or other file extensions.  the setup cd comes with some kind of convert feature, but from what i can tell, it doesn\'t convert anything into mp3 format.    all in all, i would recommend this product for parents who have some knowledge of mp3 devices and don\'t wish to break the bank buying a one for kids.   ', "after being an ipod owner for the last two years, i was in the market for a second ipod. i slept on the ipod mini and i'm glad because now there's the ipod mini. i love it. i was worried that it'd be a total drag to set up but it was perfectly compatible with all my previous itunes stuff. i didn't have to even load the included cd all i did was downlaod the latest verisons of the ipod updater and i made sure that i had the latest upgrade of itunes.  the nano works with all my previous cables for my 3rd generation ipod. so after i removed it from the package i plugged it in my previous ipod's ac adapter. the one draw back is the nano does not include an ac adapter but you can still charge it with the usb cable. i was able to get a full charge in about an hour with the ac adapter. with that said, i highly reccomend this amazing mp3 player. it exceeded my expectations. the ease of use, the design, everything is wonderful. now you may think...why spend money on an mp3 player that only holds 500 songs? well, how many people do you know that have time to listen to 5000 songs everyday? i can manage my playlists. i control what's being fed into my ipod and i like that. this is a great 2nd ipod for current ipod owners and a treat to first time buyers.   ", "do not buy this or anything else with the creative labs logo!! where to begin with this piece of junk?  i bought this due to its hard drive size, its compatibility with all types of music files, its long lasting battery, and the other reviews i read.  when i got the refurbished (by creative labs) player, the first thing i did was install the software, then tried to sync the player with windows media player 11.  as soon as i turned the player on (after chargin the battery), i got a firmware error message.  a search through the creative labs website to find a fix resulted in receiving an rma to send it back to creative labs for repair, which i did.  a month and several inquiries to creative as to the status of the player later, i checked the rma website where i was told there was as issue with the rma.  no email notification that there was problem, and i was surprised as i had followed their instructions for returning it for repair.  i still don't have a working player and don't have high expectations when i get it back.  maybe my viewpoint will change when i am actually able to use an operable player, but i wouldn't recommend buying anything made by creative labs.  there are better players out there for comparable prices, and i am regretting my decision to buy it.  next time, i'm getting a cowon, a zune, or (may my tongue turn black for saying) an ipod.  ", 'i bought this about 2 yrs ago and it has worked perfectly.  outstanding picture and very user friendly.  downloads from dvr rapidly.  has good battery life.  much better than keeping up with portable dvd players and discs.  compact for travel.  i have only had it "freeze up" once and i just held the off button down until it rebooted.  worked perfectly after that.  highly recommend.  hopefully price will come down as with all electronics that are new....still a good purchase.  ', "don't think you are going to transfer your dvds and then hop on an airplane to watch! the unit shuts down after giving you a warning if you attempt to copy any dvd or vhs to it.<p>the unit arrives with obsolete software. you get to spend the first hour downloading updates, installing new firmware and new drivers before the main features are operational. (the unit comes with a sheet explaining that this is necessary.)<p>then, after installing the new software you find that many of the features will be available in a &quot;future release.&quot; the menu options are there for new features, but if you click on the menus you get a vaporware promise of the future. don't even think of using the built-in equalizer or tone controls: touching those buttons brings up more &quot;future release&quot; messages.<p>&quot;please wait&quot; takes on new meaning with this unit. it seems to need a 10 second pause frequently.<p>the controls are wiggly and flimsy. the buttons are randomly sprinkled along the front, ends, and top of the unit in a pattern that defies logic.<p>the menus are awkward and obscure. i never could get a movie that was playing to stop nor could i get back to any menus once a movie started. i literally had to power cycle the unit to get to the menus.<p>the unit only supports mpeg-4, so you cannot rip movies to mpeg-2, divx, or av formats and play them.<p>no, you cannot read a dvd using your pcs dvd player and save it onto the unit and play it. (seems like that would be a basic feature of the unit.)<p>the picture quality is acceptable, although the audio quality was a dissapointment.<p>this unit is bleading edge. it really is a version 0.1 product. i am sure that with three hardware revisions and four major software releases it is the type of product that we will all take with us on trips and on the road.<p>i'd pay a fortune for a version of this that works, but the one i purchased is going back to amazon pronto.<p>havging waited for the unit for 6 months, this was a great dissapointment.  ", 'i just got my 6 gb mini for my birthday.  i also got most of the accessories as presents, too, so i don\'t have to worry about forking over the cost of the mini itself for them (seriously, mac).  i am in electro love!  wow, and i think this time it\'s for reals.  :-)  i am coming fresh off the iriver boat (funny how they use the "i" in front of their name, too), and have been extremely pleased with my little 256 mb player... and i do mean little.  but, i am extatically (word invention there) adding album after album on my ipod as i type this.  yeah, it\'s kinda annoying to convert wma files to aac, but they do the work for you.  i love the organization, i love the style, i love the size, i love the balance between form and function.  i do feel like i\'ve just joined a cult of ipod users, however.  oh well, not as bad as mormonism  ', "after a dissapointing trial of an iriver t10 which did not, to my dismay, handle netlibrary books and would only play about 4 hours of a book and then re-set to zero(which they don't bother to mention on their website or in the manual), i returned the t10 and bought a creative zen nano plus. i've already finished a 7+ hour book from netlibrary - no problems. works great.  it has less options than the iriver, but fast-forwards much faster - which is good if you fall asleep while listening to your book! if you want to listen to free audiobooks from netlibrary and don't care about having a lot of extra features that you probably will never use anyway, it is a better way to go. cute, easy to use, does the job. volume is a bit on the weak side but i use a casset adapter in my car and can turn up the car volume. when listening at home the volume is fine.   ", 'keeping the kids entertained on long trips has always been a challenge. a close second has been keeping me sane on long flights. a portable dvd player was the best remedy until archos came along. i recently bought one and give it a qualified "mission accomplished," the reservations still being small enough to rate it 5 stars. the thoughtful review by viewer tells you most of the story, but i have my two cents to add.  first, i admire archos for the quality of construction. the unit has a nice sold feel, and is well assembled. face it, if you are parting with 5 franklins, you should expect something solid. they do that nicely.   the av700 has the largest display of any similar unit; it should be the standard for portable players - my two children would fight over who got to hold the ipod to watch a movie, and got myopic staring at postage-stamp sized images. that being said, a brighter display should be built into the device, and off-angle viewing could be better (it is only fair on the av700 - but it is better side-to-side that up-down). if not bright enough for the poolside, it is fine for an airplane or the back seat of the car.  there is a thoughtful range of options. archos has anticipated that one might want to play media on a stereo or tv (like in a hotel room), and has included the necessary cables. software options are equally well worked out, and only took me a few minutes to learn (i am not a rocket scientist). scheduling a recording is pretty easy, and managing a playlist is pretty straightforward, and made easier if you do it from your computer. the browser is really a file management system, necessarily clumsy by the lack of a touch screen or mouse - still much more than tolerable. a cordless remote is a nice thought, anticipating that you might want to navigate the device without getting up from the couch.  the sound quality is good, not surprisingly, comparable to other players. the picture quality is good as well, brightness aside. don\'t expect a divx to hold up to a dvd if you connect your archos to your 50" plasma tv. that is reallyexpecting too much. that being said, there is some art to ripping and converting movies to divx. all copies are not created equal, and some compromise must be made between file size and image quality. i am a mac guy, and  with a little playing around found a good pathway to convert a file to mpg4 then to divx, with a resulting image that is more than acceptable. the first step will take about 40 minutes, as will the second. if you are smarter than i am, i would bet that you could find a way to do the process in one step. oh, yeah. i forgot to mention that the legality of ripping a commercial dvd is still in question, so i am not recommending that you do it, or admitting that i do it myself. truthfully, though, you still have to rip a dvd of family movies to mp4, and convert the codec to divx before you can watch it on your archos.   as others have pointed out, a usb cable can connect the device to your computer, and whether you use windows or mac, management is much easier. windows guys will find acceptable software built into the machine, but the mac guys will find that osx supports all the necessary functions. by the way, make sure you dismount the av700 before you pull the cable.   most of you who are thinking about buying a unit know that it comes in two sizes. this may be a personal preference, but i recommend buying the 100gb unit over the smaller one - a few extra bucks is worth it, realizing that before you know it you will be pushing the 70gb cieling. finally, i\'d give serious thought to buying a spare battery or two. as others have noted, battery life is less than advertised.   when i got my device i was a little disappointed that it didn\'t play mpg4\'s straignt, and wished it would play aac (apple ipod) files. that really isn\'t a complaint, however. of proprietary formats, divx and mpg are pretty much standard, and i can\'t really blame archos for leaning on them.   all in all, i am very, very happy with my av700. i am almost as addicted to movies as i am to books, so i am glad that archos is feeding my habit. i give this unit 5 stars, realizing that it is 95% of what i wished for in a video ipod.  ', "dell should stick with its dayjob: pcs & printers. portable music devices, is just not their thing. i first bought the dell dj 5g: endless problems with it - every problem you could think of. i have made numerous phone calls to their tech support, spent hours trying to repair it - five units later, they sent me the dell 20 (the price went down, which was equal to the original price i paid).  so - i have the dell 20g, and it does not work with napster. i have spent hours with napster tech support - uninstalled and reinstalled napster, drm files, windows media player; everything they told me to do - twice over.  it does not work. i would not recommend any of dell's pocket dj's. you can have mine for free!  if you know of where i can get a) a new player and b) an online subscription to-go, with a portable device, i'd appreciate your recommendation.  thank you. -rebecca  new york rebeccany30@yahoo.com  ", "it works great though it did come with a pretty big knick in the screen.  the description did sayt hat it was used but that there were no noticable blemishes, this was quite noticable.  the 10 yr old getting it for christmas didn't mind.  ", 'this product is still in beta stage with respect to reading labels of wma files (as of august 2004 firmware).  the device interface and pc software are poorly designed.  the device does not read labels of wma files translated from other formats (e.g., translating from mp3 into wma).  i own other portable devices that have no problem in reading those same labels.  the device does not have a "genre" browsing option; instead, the programmed option is "genre/artist," but mislabeled.  if you want to play files within a genre, you have to create a playlist on the fly and then play your playlist.   the rd2840 offered the option of adding files to a "like" and "dislike" playlists.  the idea is great, if it was well designed.  the limitation is that you cannot classify a file as "like" or "dislike" if already within a playlist.  this is not a smart design.  the random play is poorly designed as well.  every time the lyra is turned on, files are played in identical order.  so much for random play ...  i even experience two songs bouncing back and forth, for ever.  with the new august 2004 firmare, it took too many seconds to highlight and genre and go to the next one.  this is not acceptable.  the device offered an excellent possibility by doubling as an external hard drive.  to load music files, you only need to drag and drop within windows explorer.  the idea is great; however, the pc software is also poorly designed.  to have such drag/drop flexibility, additional software is obviously needed to "profile" the device contents to create the artist/album/genre playlists.  however, you are forced to profile all device contents whenever you add a single audio file.  the pc profiling took several minutes with my 15 gb music collection.  i wonder how long it will take when the collection tops the 40 gb.  why did not the sofwtare allowed the user to profile only the new added files?  the lyra software puts an icon in the software tray and no option is given to the user to not load at startup.  i get annoyed by software designed under the assumption that all users are non experienced.  i was initially impressed by the potential of the device.  for example, you can program your own ms-dos batch files to copy only the files that you want and keep synchronized the device with your pc at your own taste.  however, the lyra rd2840 has too many glitches to enjoy this potential.  it does not matter that it is inexpensive, loaded with a car adapter and tape adapter, with an extra line out, and huge hard drive ... the design is too brute to be enjoyable.  i own a rca lyra kazoo, 32 mb, that i enjoy a lot but has been ready for firmware update since a long time ago.  the update never showed up.  i would not hold my breath with this lyra rd2840.  i sent it back to the store and purchased a zen xtra of lower capacity but much, much superior, and greatly enjoyable, design.  ', "at first, i got it for christmas, and it was great, great sound and great all around. then my first problem came, i couldn't download any songs off the conect store and the support team was no help what so ever. and then a couple days ago, i dropped it on the ground maybe a 2 foot drop and it will not turn on. so know i am going to buy a new mp3, and it won't be a bean!  ", "cons:<br>1.screen isn't backlit like on the box.<br>2.their isn't a &quot;voice recorder&quot;.<br>3.short battery life.<br>4.when batteries die it erases songs.<br>5.not very duarible,&quot;cheap feel&quot;.<br>6.it cuts about 2 seconds of the first song off.<br>7.not very loud<p>pros:<br>1.cheap price.<br>2.easy to use software.<br>3.ok in looks.<p>don't waste your money on it like i did.  ", "like other reviewers, setup was relatively painless and i got it working on day one (familiarity with wireless networking needed).  after a week's time, with new songs and playlists added to my library, the bugs started to appear, and now i can't get it to play anything (though it does receive the data with no problems over my network).  numerous rescans, software re-loads, and interaction with the help desk couldn't get humpty-dumpty back together again. i am hoping that the open software has some good engineers behind it so that the bugs will be worked out and i can use it.  great concept and great while it worked. sitting broken on my shelf - not so good.    september 2007 - since a recent software update, the device is back up an running (so far without flaws).  if you are willing to go through some computer-related stress to get results, it's a solid product that makes your library of music sound great on any decent hi-fi setup.   if i could update my star rating, i'd bump it up to 4 stars, since i've been 3 months without problems and i'm pleased with the performance.    ", 'i love sony, i really do. so when i went looking for a mp3, i started with sony.  in 2005 i bought my hd3 and quickly found it to be lacking. i can\'t believe in the list of the features it has, "comes with an ac adapter" and "you can connect to your pc".  why, because for this type of dmp(digital music player) these features should be synonymous.  the problem is there is nothing else.  the one thing i thought would have been included was the ability to make a play-list.   and with out a play-list the "incredible battery life" is about of that when you\'re changing to a different artist, or albums because you turn on the back-light every time you touch the thing.  i know u can turn it off, but i don\'t only listen to music when it bright and sunny.  and i\'m not going to change it back and forth. my friends have mp3\'s with swappable rechargeable lithium-ion battery, multiple play lists, built-in voice recording and fm tuner with fm recording capability.  anyway get something else and do some research if your going to spend this much money.  ', 'works great.  my daughter loves it.  easy to download and use.  ', 'how to make rca lyra rd2765 be recognized as mtp player and installed as napster to go device.  there are 2 settings you should check:  1) be sure that your protocol is set to mtp (microsoft transport protocol) to insure that your device will work with n2g.   2) the correct mtp driver must be installed by windows xp. if not, it will only be recognized as a usb mass storage device.  there are 2 protocols in this device: mtp & msc.  you can switch between mtp & msc if you are a windows xp user. unfortunately, old windows o/s users like win98 cannot make this switch. it will be fixed to msc.  how to switch from mtp to msc and vice versa.  1. from the settings menu, rotate the control ring to select advanced.  2. push the control joystick to the right to view advanced options.  3. the current protocol will be displayed.  4. press the control joystick to switch be tween mtp and msc.  5. push the control joystick to the left to return to the previous submenu, or press the m button to exit the menu.    more information on mtp & msc:  why do i want to use mtp (media transfer protocol) mode?  mtp mode is essential if you want to transfer drm content to your lyra jukebox. today mtp mode is only supported in windows xp and through windows media player 10.0 or other special software provided by your music service provider. in mtp mode you lyra jukebox will no longer show up as a drive letter. so programs that were designed to work with a device that shows up as a drive letter will not be able to work directly with the lyra jukebox.  why do i want to use msc (mass storage class) mode?  if you are using windows 98se, me or 2000 you can not use mtp mode only msc mode is available. your lyra jukebox will always show up as a msc device.  if you are using windows xp your lyra jukebox will show up as a mtp device, but we have provide you the option to be able to switch it to msc mode with a setting in the advanced options section of the lyra jukebox. once this setting is set to msc mode every time you connect the device to the pc it will show up as a drive letter and allow you to use any software that can work with msc mode. this will also allow the current version of lyradj or any other playlist editing program to find the device.  all supported content put on the device in either mode mtp or msc will be available to play on the device once it is disconnected from the pc. so you could add mp3 files in the  msc mode then run lyradj, profile the device and disconnect it. then switch it to mtp mode and reconnect it and add drm content to it.  ', "first let me say that overall, this is not a bad mp3 player. the internet radio is a great feature (especially when you aren't willing to pay for premium services like satellite radio). the menu transitions seemed to lag a bit, but that could be resolved with future firmware updates. however, i rated this for two stars because of unreliable hardware. the first one i had would overheat and shutdown when it was playing and charging with a car adapter. after a days use it also started to turn itself on everytime the player was plugged in and lock up before it finished loading. if i plugged in the player while playing music, it would also lock up. i sent that back for a replacement, which had a nonfunctional volumn down button. if you really need wifi capabilites, wait for something better to come along.  ", "i've been in the market for an mp3 player for some time now, and i've looked at the ipods and considered getting a shuffle, but the apples are clearly too much hype over nothing.  if steve jobs put his vomit into an off-white plastic case and sold it, everyone would still be running to buy it.  i was seriously looking at the iriver branded mp3 players, but after reading multiple reviews of their inferior build quality and price premium, decided to settle for the muvo n200 or the sandisk.  the sandisk was comparatively too large and bulky, and thus i settled on the muvo n200.    it offers the most features for a very reasonable price- song shuffling, fm radio, microphone, a line-in jack for recording from an input source, fast usb 2.0 connectivity, a very easy interface (hey, it's just plug and play!), and many attractive colors (i finally settled on orange and white).  i prefer the n200 to the tx series or the upcoming v200s, because the n200s are of the one piece design, rather than have a detachable battery section.  so, a quick glance at the well equipped n200 package.  it comes with a;  - mini-usb to full usb cord - very decent earbuds that come in ipod-white (i found them quite comfortable, even at the gym, and are attractive as well) - a nice soft neoprene like plastic case (with built-in belt clip) that has a side opening allowing easy access to buttons - line input cord  - arm band for working out at the gym  first impressions: i was shocked at how small the n200 is!  it's about the same size and thickness as a cigarette lighter, very unobtrusive, yet very functional.  construction appears to be robust and well made.  the sound quality is superb, and sounds as good as my creative sound card, lol.  the volume is easily tunable, and the wheel for scrolling through menus is intuitive and easy.  the lcd screen is backlit in an attractive blue; there is a bit of a buzz when you press buttons as previous reviewers have noted, but i did not find this to be a problem or irritation for me.  despite the screen being about 1 cm x 2.5 cm, it can surprisingly squeeze a lot of text and images in it, that are easy to read.  256 mb is fine for me, as i mainly need this as a workout player.  i have no problems running with this mp3 player, as the earbuds do stay in my ears.  it uses a single aaa battery rated at 15 hours according to creative; i haven't been able to test the battery to its maximum potential yet, but at 6 hours so far, the battery life is still on maximum.  even better, since the plug and play interface is so easy to use, the n200 can also function as a backup usb flash drive for storing those important files!  the radio is fine for a unit this small.  bass is surprisingly good! and settings can further be tuned with the onboard graphic equalizer.  so in conclusion- no problems so far.  i'm very happy with the purchase, and it's a great little flash based mp3 player for the buck!  trade in your ipod today!  ", "zune worked great xmas (first) day, but would not turn on again after first recharge. amazon was great about taking the product back (sent back before the new year). only thing they didn't tell me was i won't get a replacement till feb 28 (earliest). hopefully next one will work???  ", 'it is true to the description. the battery lasts like forever and it is so cute. sonic stage is real easy to use unlike what others are saying. the only thing i did not like was the extended headphones. it should not have an extender. the length should have been like that anyway. i end up losing the extender. so that sucked but other than that, i love my sony mp3 player.   must buy!!!!  ', "this is the first mp3 i have ever had and i am so glad i didn't buy the trendy 200 dollar ipod.  it is easy to load and remove songs.  there is an fm receivewr and mic recorder.  i have used it extensively while jogging and have not had a problem.  small and unobtrusive.  ", "i just bought this player about a week ago. my computer at home is only operating on windows 98 but it still works. i wasn't able to use the software that was included but instead used windows media player to change my cds into .wma files. to organize the music i just created folders by double clicking on the removable drive (mp3 player). the music sounds wonderful and holds tons more than if i had converted into .mp3 files. i had to check out a lot of players due to my older computer set up. this was the only one that i saw that could work on my system. if you're a little slow in the updating department i would highly recommend this player.  ", 'first mp3 player for me. i am very pleased with it. easy to use and very well made. can do a lot with it for a small price.  ', "player stops playing songs randomly. no rhyme or reason, just stops. you have to hit play twice and the song starts where it left off. fm radio works very well, it's too bad it has bugs. i am returning mine and will try a different brand.   ", "even if it didn't have chronic defects, the nomad ii mg is poorly designed. it comes with a protective leather carrying case that (1) can't be clipped or attached to anything and (2) doesn't provide an easy way to access any of the buttons on the unit. i ended up taking scissors to my leather case to make it slightly usable.<p>the buttons are located on the sides of the unit, where most people usually grab the unit. this results in frequent accidental button presses.<p>a couple of months after i got mine, i had the battery-clip problem that others have described. it was easily fixed with aluminum foil, but honestly, battery clips have been manucatured for decades without much problem; why is it such a recurring problem here?<p>finally, after a little over a year of use, my docking station isn't acknowledging that the unit is docked. therefore i can neither recharge the unit nor change the songs. the player is now useless to me. <p>from reading the other reviews, it's obvious the problems i've had with mine aren't an isolated case. so if you want a well-designed, well-manufactured, reliable mp3 player, don't buy the creative nomad ii mg.  ", "i had my pink ipod mini since feb. 2005. it was fine until it died the next year on the exact day i got it, and the warranty ran out. i got it repaired at an apple reseller, and then it died again  on the warranty expiration date. what is it with the ipods? it's like they have a self destruct inside! ):-(  ", "i love this ipod sooooo much. i bought it almost a year ago, and it's amazing. never broke once. best ipod ever!  ", 'i have a tremendous amount of music - too much for an ipod of any current size - and so i knew that i would be moving music on and off of the device no matter what.  i chose the smallest ipod mini because of its good price and physical dimensions (it\'s a lot smaller than most people think), and have been very, very happy with my purchase.  i am something of an audiophile, and yet have been very pleased with the mini\'s impressive sound quality, its ease of use, the incredible battery life (18 hours is not much of an exageration) and the flexibility that the mini provides me.  to be only slightly critical (and not to discourage anyone from enjoying an awesome device), i am not especially fond of apple\'s ear-buds (and a bit uncomfortable, too), but they were easily replaced for even better sound.  also, i do wish that i could turn off the "auto-pause" feature (the unit pauses automatically when the earphones are removed, but is so sensitive as to occasionally pause when the plug is inadvertently rotated).  these are minor criticisms, and i hope that everyone gets an ipod!  ', 'i really don\'t understand the hyperbolic criticism of sony\'s sonicstage software.  it took me all of five minutes to figure it out, without even looking at the manual.  clearly, some of the reviewers here have failed to read their manual.  there\'s no requirement to use sonicstage;  your pc will see the nw-e107 as just another usb-connected storage device.  use windows explorer to drag and drop your mp3\'s, if that\'s the format you like... this unit plays them just perfectly.  i suppose if you have a humongous library of mp3\'s, and for some reason you really really really wanted to be able to manipulate them through sonicstage, you would become frustrated that you had to first "transfer" them into the sonicstage library and put them in a playlist.  but this really isn\'t the best use for the included software.  the advantage with sonicstage is realized for someone just starting with assembling a collection of portable music files.  the atrac3/atrac3plus compression algorithms designed by sony allow you to cram an incredible amount of music onto this tiny podlet.  it\'s really remarkable... i\'m currently walking around with 27 full-length cd\'s on mine.  this is plenty for me to choose from when i go running, or have to get on an airplane, or have an extended stint at the old computer keyboard at work.  the unit weighs practically nothing; the packaging it comes in weighs more than it does.  even with the aaa battery in, it simply disappears in a shirt pocket, you don\'t even feel it there.  it\'s great when working out; when i\'m out running i just pop it in the pocket of my shorts.    the controls are simple and intuitive.  is it "feature rich?"  gee, i dunno... it plays the songs, lets me access them easily, lets me shape the treble and bass (you get three preset levels, one the flat factory setting, the other two user configurable... i have one setting for general use and one for inside the motorcycle helmet).  you can preset a volume level that will be your default whenever you fire it up.  there\'s some other stuff it does, but that\'s all i ever need, so i haven\'t spent too much time monkeying around with the other features (lots of byzantine repeat modes that i would never use in a million years).  i program computers all day, the last thing i want to do is have to program my personal stereo.  i\'m giving four stars instead of five because the little plastic plug that covers the usb port is kind of tricky to pry open, and because there\'s no way to clip this thing onto your clothes if you happen to be without a convenient pocket.  also, i\'m not totally sold on the earpod headphones... but i have a pair of sony psyc headphones that i love, so no biggie.  otherwise i am totally pleased with this purchase.  under $150, and i have triple the song capacity and triple the battery life of a $300+ ipod.  for me, that\'s worth sacrificing all of the file-sharing-with-friends features that probably appeal more to kids in high school and college.  i just want to listen to music.  this little guy does the job for me.  ', 'it seems everybody has an ipod these days.  the gigabeat looks more stylish and has a better display.  when i ride the train to work in the morning, others look at my gigabeat with envy (especially the ipod owners) and ask "what is that thing". the color screen draws attention.  i\'ve found it easy to use with windows media player 10.  i don\'t particularly care for the headphones that were packaged with it, but everything else is top quality.    ', "i bought a reconditioned yp-910gs from an amazon dealer.  unit works fine (although i agree with other reviewers that the fm transmitter's too weak); problem is that the current edition of the napster software won't recognize it (though an earlier edition did, which permitted me to load some songs).  customer service made an initial attempt to solve the napster software problem, then went silent.  since the napster software interferes with all attempts to load even napster-purchased tracks onto the unit via wmp or any other way, i'm stuck with $90 worth of napster songs that i can't get onto the unit.  i've thrown my hands in the air and downloaded i-tunes (which, of course, doesn't like the napster tracks, either).  ", "i love this player. 30 gb holds tons of music. the hdd6330/17 easy to use, sounds great, and is rugged enough for joggers. the touch screen does just that, responds to your touch, like the iphone. in fact it looks just like the iphone, same black, sleek, look. i am so glad i didn't get the ipod. my friend's ipod, when the battery died, lost all the data including all that music. ipods are known for their crappy battery problem is all i can say. this player will not let you down. you'll be happy with your choice.   ", "got this for a birthday gift and it may be the best gift that i have even received.  it is incredibly easy to use and the sound is amazing!!! itunes has been pretty simple to set up and purchasing songs is a little too easy...its hard to not get too carried away.  i am so excited that i found singles that i couldn't find on napster.  the only sad thing is that i have a lot of purchased napster tracks that i couldn't automatically transfer into itunes.  i will try to burn them onto cds and then import them into itunes.  i definitely recommend the nano for any music lover.  ", 'if you are considering this you might want to wait until may when sony releases the nw-hd5, it has an even longer battery life (40 hours atrac, 30 hours mp3) and a user-replaceable battery. pictures are on engadget.com  ', "i paid $250 for this i pod. after about 6 months the battery went dead slowly and even stopped charging altogether. i could only use it if it were hooked up to a charger. i replaced the battery myself(it can be done, people) and it worked fine for about a month before it started freezing up. now my computer doesn't recognize it anymore and the clickwheel doesn't work. i never once dropped it or got water in it. i ended up giving it to my friend who collects broken i pods for parts and believe me, he's got a lot of them. these items aren't worth nearly what they cost. they break often they're expensive to fix. why apple gets away the obvious contempt they have for their customers by selling them over-priced faulty equipment is beyond me.   ", "1.  it will not play any songs purchased from itunes.  (itunes songs are mp4, but this player only plays mp3 format. who knew???)    2.  there is a fundamental, serious design flaw with this player.  if you attempt to rotate/twist the bottom white band (which you must do in order to skip ahead to another song or go backward to a different song), the entire bottom cover of the player falls off!  seriously, this happens every time.  i'm an adult and no matter how careful i am, i simply cannot skip to a different song without the bottom cover falling completely off the player.  btw, i purchased 2 players, and both have this problem.    ", 'slick little mp3 player, easy to use, but battery died if i went more than 48 hours without playing it.  this is my 6th mp3 player, and one of 4 i have in use, but i decided to rreturn it to the store.   ', "unlike a couple of others, i have found this product to be rather undurable. i don't know what the deal is - perhaps a problem with the battery housing - but i now need to hold the thing steady in my hand while working out or else the power shuts off. also, the shuffle feature is horrible: the same sequence of songs is repeated over and over again rather than a true random sequence being generated. and as others have said, adding and changing songs on the player is slightly cumbersome. i'm now in the market for a new player.  ", "i have a shuffle and got an nano for my children.  this product was refurbished and an older generation but this is what i wanted as my children are younger.  i didn't want to spend too much money on something that would likely be dropped dozens of times or even lost.  love the ipod, easy to use, easy to sync.  wish i had gotten one capable of playing videos but won't send it back because of that.  product was shipped on time and arrived in stated condition.  no complaints.  ", "i purchased this item over 6 months ago and it's perfect for the gym. i've dropped it on several occasions and a couple of times in the water fountain. it still works like a charm. i am very very hard on electrical equipment when i work out. the down side is that you have to really get your music from sonic stage, which isn't great. you have to down load music into it and then down load it to your player. other devises you go from the cd right to your player. it takes a bit longer than necessary. the other problem is if you lose that clip devise that holds the player to your clothes while your work out, it can't be replaced. so don't loose it!  the positives are that it holds a charge for a long time. i work out 5 days a week, 2 hours a day. i have to charge it once every month...maybe.  it also has plenty of memory and it can hold a lot of music. it's well worth it. it's really better than a disc-man and it's not complicated to use.   ", 'as the title says this is from the same person who asked if it is wise to keep the ipod or trade it in for the rca lyra a/v. ok first off the idea is really good: to combine both audio and video in one compact unit, every electronics persons dream, but this does not live up to it. at first it seems cool, but the more you look at the negatives the positives go away.<br>      <br>positives are that it can play video, it can play music, has a cool interface, stores 20gb of stuff, it comes with everything you need so you dont need to spend extra money, and it can record stuff from the tv, vcr, or dvd(with the dvd you need the right "tools").<p>negatives are that its super bulky so you cant just carry it around for fun, it cant be used as just an mp3 player becuase turning the thing off and on may damage it and it take a while for the stuff to load, the product is not complete so it cant just be used out of the box becuase you have to download some stuff, and the video quality is not good. if the video quality is what your concerned about, like i was, then dont get this product wait for the next generation ones like these to come out because it will get better.<p>all in all the product was ok, but if you want to compare it to an ipod, the ipod is the way to go...for now.  ', "i bought this for my 12 yr old son for christmas. he absolutly loves it. it is very easy to use. he is always on the go and seems to hold up to an active kid. we have had not problems with it. it holds a lot of songs. it is very easy to use and quite easy to download cd's onto it.   ", "i really, really like this nano. it is small, the file transfer is easy and fast, the sound is great (i have a high end hi-fi, yet am happy to use the lower bit rates to fit on more songs when i travel, 30+ albums at 64kb wma). the battery life is good and i personally really like being able to change batteries half way though a trip away from home or at the office, without having to worry about a charger.   things are a few things that annoyed me slightly. there is always a small gap and click between songs. it is also difficult to set the record levels when using the 'line in' facility to get a decent volume, yet avoid quite bad distortion.   overall i highly recommend the nano player  ", 'i like this product alot even though i bought it a while back and have since purchased a mac computer.  now i cannot download to this mp3 player.  i bought myself an ipod shuffle (loving it) and my son is enjoying this mp3 now.  very simple to use.  enough storage capacity for my son, but you might want to up the mbs if you like to store alot of music.  i used it for file storage as well.  never had a problem.  ', "the machspeed trio 1 gb mp3 player w/ voice recorder & thumb drive is a  great little player - don't know why the headphones that came with it are so superior to all the others i tried to use (cord is a little short on it and no volume control), but i love this little player - i use it for guitar/piano song learning & it is awesome - highly recommended & i would buy the 2 gb one if i knew what i was getting...  ", "the zen touch is slowly becoming the most important electronic device that i own. my favorite thing is that i can put any mp3 on  the device and it will play it. i have and extensive mp3 collection and it plays them all without fail, from my old mp3's to my newest licensed ones. throw the bundled software away and just install the newest driver though, i found it very confusing to use. i simply use the drag and drop method to get my music onto the device. i am very pleased with the device and the performance the audio sounds great. it will soon be supported by napster's to go service and i can't wait to fill all 40 gigs with music.  ", "had a zen xtra 40gb player that was great except for the toggle switch.  the zen touch fixed this with the touch scroller, but it is a little hard to get a handle on.  sound was great using 3rd party earbud headphones or when connected to another stereo.  industrial design/build/feel of the unit is greatly improved over previous versions.  skip using the included software and just use media player 10 for free - works much better for organizing music and keeps all the same details on the player as well - cataloging, file extensions, etc.  the big problem with mine and my neighbor's 20gb zen touch is that it constantly locks up while playing.  you can hear the disk spinning/grinding.  neither unit has been dropped and we have run scan disks and are running the latest firmware.  i am returning my today!  iriver will be next on my list.....  ", 'i just bought creative zen vision m. i like zen but i like much more this cool machine. i don\'t usually listen musics. but i am downloading a lot of history documentary program. i can put 6 hrs length of documentary into this. only problem is a battery. i can say about 4 hrs. it can be a very good friend for a commuting. but you have very good eyes. it has only 1.8" size of lcd compared to 2.5" screen of creative zen.  ', 'it was good but it wasnt quite built to specs as in the screen fades out every once in a while n stuff  ', 'i have had this product for about a month now and it been excellent so far. the battery life is very good...only slightly lower than that advertised...all in all, very happy to have bought it.  ', 'as a novice to the mp3 player world i was looking for a device that would fit my criteria for a player that would perform well during workouts:  1)  consistent, excellent sound;  2)  non-interfering with workouts.  after reading the reviews on the muvo micro n200 i decided to buy the player and put it to the test.  i have been doing cardiovascular workouts for over 25 years and have used the best technology available during those years.  needless to say, going from portable radios, cassette players, compact disc players and now mp3 player has been a mix of success and failure.  i had become so disappointed in the past that doing without seemed better than the hassle of dealing with faulty players.  until now.  without a doubt, the muvo micro lives up to the reviews.  every time i put the headphones on i get clean, clear sound with no skips, hesitations, bobbles, etc.  just pure sound all the time.  i tried using the armband that came with the device as well as clipping it to my shorts.  both ways work well, my preference being to keep it clipped on.  the only negative i found is something common to alot of reviewers.  the ear buds provided are not the best for active workouts.  i bought a pair of philips sbc hs500 neckband headphones and they work flawlessly with the mp3 player.  i estimate that the 256 mb holds about 10-12 cds worth of music.  more than plenty needed for an hour workout.  downloading was essentially drag and drop with no drivers needed with my xp computer.  overall, i am extremely pleased with this device and have finally achieved something i have been wanting for years; consistent, hassle-free sound.  ', "style is everything as far as the ipod nano is concerned.  i went out and bought a 4gb black the day it came out, not knowing that it would be in such a short supply in later days.  after playing with it for a couple of weeks, i would say that it is the best mp3 player to date, all things considered.  yet, it is far from being perfect, and i don't ask for much.  i just want a recording feature, like a lot of the low end cheap mp3 players, but no ipod nano doesn't come with recording feature.  otherwise, ipod nano is the perfect companion to my 60gb ipod, which is getting heavier and bulkier by the day.  ", "with the capacity to hold 5,000 songs or 20,000 photos, or any combination of the two, i don't know if i will ever be able to use all the memory i have available to me.  ", "this was the cheapest model i saw. i bought this memorex model to use in the gym and i've had a lot of problems with it. this is for starters; the snap on the carrying case broke making the armband useless, probably because it is made of flimsy vinyl.  the design of the snap kept rubbing against the power button that would shut the player off. (especially on the treadmill) the player is controlled by a toggle switch that often falls off. it is also very difficult to get into the fm receiver mode. the battery comes loose inside and once again the player often shuts off when rattled. (once again, especially on the treadmill) this thing also kills batteries, expect to change out the aaa batteries about every other use. (approx. 4 hours) the battery cover isn't designed very well either. it takes some playing with to get the cover back on which will really piss you off. i would have liked to have a belt clip on it similar to the sony armband radio.  sometimes you really do get what you pay for, spend a few more dollars more and get a better model and a better brand name.    ", "...then you are doinked big time. my s35s worked great for about the first six months; i had some of the same clip holder issues that others mention but i could live with those problems. what i could not live with was the unit's death and rio's customer disservice. i called and talked to someone who was pleasant enough and gave me a case number to fax along with the unit's serial number and copy of proof of purchase. this i did  according to their instructions. waiting a couple of weeks i then called to get an update and was informed how busy they were and told to give them a couple of more weeks. a couple of months later i e-mailed them and received a reply explaining they were in the process of moving their warehouse and this resulted in the delay(???). six months after sending them the information requested to implement repair or replacement i have nothing to show for my original purchase but a dead rio and a worthless warranty. ri(o)p-off. no more rio in this household, period.  ", 'my player worked well for the first 2 months.  unfortunately, i also had a lot of difficulty with my computer recognizing my player due to driver problems.  dealing with rio/sonic blue customer service is a joke.  i had to pay...just to speak to a technician and, at the end of the session, nothing was resolved.  i would seriously consider another player.  ', "the title says it all.  if you bought this player for listening to audiobooks, which is what i did, you'll be extremely disappointed that you'll have to fast forward through the book every time you start it up since there is no resume feature.  considering audiobooks are anywhere from 3 to 8 hours long in most cases, or at least the pieces you get from audible are, it's totally inconvenient to start playing from the beginning each time you turn it on.  get used to the fast forward button and remembering exactly what time you were at because you're going to be doing a lot of it.  lame.  ", "bought this as a present for my girl's birthday, and it is really very tiny. the pictures do not provide a good reference point, but we are talking about half a pack of smokes in size. a good little player from what i can tell, she loves it.  ", 'i didn\'t want to like the ipod nano.  i bought an ipod mini for my girlfriend.  i thought it was cool.  but never seriously considered getting one for myself.  i own a pretty nifty pocket pc cellphone (the i-mate jam - highly recommended, btw).  i\'ve always been happy with storing my songs on an sd. my cellphone gave me communications, games, music, productivity (excel, etc.), and got lots of "techno-geek" points. the last thing i wanted was yet another electronic gadget to carry around.  then i made the mistake of taking a look at this newest creation of steve job\'s apple. i was blown away. it\'s so small. and, very stylish. and very useable. and, at 4 gb, adequate for all but the most demanding consumers. and, at this price, it\'s cheaper than buying memory cards totalling up to 4 gb.  instant there was no question of not owning one. i reluctantly, but secretly proudly, now carry an ipod nano to complement my cellphone. i\'m afraid that i won\'t be using my pocketpc phone to listen to music anymore.  apple truly blows me away. kudos to steve jobs for his remarkable transformation of his company into the most innovative mass market tech company out there. anyone who knows steve jobs history with apple knows how remarkable his task really has been. also, anyone who knows the story about apple computer and the initial problems with the name of the company understands how ironic this whole field of innovation is!  in conclusion, buy this product. beg, borrow, or steal - well, not steal. use any legal and ethical manner of getting your hands on one of the nanos. you so won\'t regret it!  ', "i haven't used the photo/video features, but it works fine as far as playing mp3s, recording audio, and tuning fm radio.  the biggest downside is the joystick, which sometimes skips to the next file when i'm just trying to fast forward a little in a podcast.  ", "i bought 2 of this for christmas one worked for 33days the other one never did. got refund on one, the other can't because warranty expires in 30 day, and player got dead on the 33rd day.  bottom lines, crappy player, don't buy it!!   ", "i gave the lifedrive a chance for a year.   it was my 2nd palm device.   the old tungsten e was more reliable.  even though the tungsten e would lose data once the battery drain, i knew how to work around it...use backup software and charge it every other day.  once i knew how to work around the tungten e's quirks then it became a reliable hardware for me.  i do not know how to work around lifedrive's quirks.  the lifedrive worked most of the time, but you always had a sense that it may not work one day and you are not clear how to fix it or prevent some issues from happening again.   sometimes it would not come on even though the day before it was fully charged.   i had to charge it again for some reason.   my current problem is that when i turn it on i can only see my contacts and the wifi screen seems to be in loop (keeps flashing on and off).   it will not let me use any other applications.  i reset it and nothing has changed.  i should have went with the palm tx instead.  palm owes buyers an apology for creating such an expensive item that is not reliable.  ", "i had this one after iaudio this is ok but the most thing that i don't like that you have to do sync from media player it can't show by folder like computer while in iaudio you can beald as many folder you want like computer. and just drag from one drive to another so simple while this is so confusion i just got it and now i m sending back.good bye toshiba i preffer to by iaudio its amazing even it has fm recording and all function better than this. so consider iaudio.   ", 'i had a similiar experience as another reviewer with this item. i purchased this player for my wife for christmas. the player worked very briefly, then it went blank. it never worked again and i returned it for a refund.  ', 'none of our units proved durable enough to use anywhere else but at home using headphones, connected through usb to the computer, or to the tv/stereo using the line out. after going through the reviews last year, we initially purchased a matched set of these for two teenagers for christmas \'04. the first unit was doa out of the box - the seller replaced it, no problem. we since have had the other original unit replaced, and then the replacement replaced, due to the known headphone jack problems. this was after lengthy phone calls with rca customer service and a lot of run around on the first replacement. now, the replacment for the original doa has the same headphone jack problem and will no longer connect to external power and charge. rca initially said they\'d replace it as well, but after 3 weeks with no communication or replacement delivery from rca, we called back and were informed that there are no replacements in the system to send. a refund was offered in december \'05 with a 6-8 week turnaround. the refund was finally received in june \'06 even with our frequent follow-up contact - it turned out that rca-thompson was holding the refund at each review tier for 6-8 weeks. this was definitely "not ready for prime time product". after the customer service experience, i would not recommend an rca product to anyone.  ', 'with all that already written, there is no doubt its the best player in market. i read the reviews and got this item and boy !!! its laden with features that actually work....  this is the mp3 player of players !!!  ', "i expect a lot out of a high tech toy -- and this thing grabbed me right out of the box. i waited a couple months before reviewing - to be sure there weren't any hidden issues.  for many long plane flights i wanted to bring   selected tv shows from my media center pc dvr. this syncs without a hitch using windows media player 10 (the only hitch, perhaps, is that you have to find the folder where media center stores video and drag and drop files from there -- quite easy). the file compression for the device is handled automatically. video quality is superb - just the right size for personal viewing.  way easier than hauling out the laptop on a plane or anywhere else.  i found it easy to record whole dvds to it as well - they also get automattically compressed, but with excellent image and audio on playback.   an unexpected bonus for me is the built mics for stereo audio recording.  the quality is great and i find i'm using that feature quite a bit.   it looks and feels solid and i've had nothing but good luck with mine so far.  ", "an mp3 player that uses a usb drive for storage is a great idea. unfortunately this player is just something lexar through together to sell some extra jumpdrives with no attempt at creating a quality player. it's flaky and lacks some really basic things that should have been there.  i was looking for a low cost, high capacity, flash based mp3 player. what i got was...  pro: * cheap - 1gb player for about $90. * large capacity * convenient - copy some files to the jumpdrive and away you go.  con: * it's flaky. it won't read the tags from about a third of my mp3s. it locks up about once a day, often with an ear-splitting shriek that has me ripping off my earphones. i have to pop out the batteries to reset it. * no hook, loop, etc for carrying. it's your hand, your pocket, or nothing. this is really basic and it's incredibly lame that it's missing. i'm using a small cellphone beltcase. * doesn't remember the last song played. i can put in 1gb of music but i have to start listening from the first song every time it gets turned off. again, really basic and how did they manage to leave this out? * navigation system sucks. if it was quick and easy to navigate then the first song thing wouldn't be so bad. it's neither quick nor easy. * when set to random, cause how else are you gonna get to the last song when you have to start at the beginning every time, clicking ff to go to the next song goes to the next song. i.e. it goes from song 20 to song 21. if it's set to random then ff should randomly jump to a new song. basic, yet lexar did it wrong. * the display should show the artist and the track title which it should get from the tags. it should not show joe sat->3.wma. again, basic stuff that lexar did wrong.  other comments: * i saw other comments about the drive being loose when put in the player. it does have some wiggle that they should have worked out but the drive doesn't come out easily so it's not a big deal, for now.  overall: * if you're going to swap a bunch of low capacity drives then this player might be okay. if you're going to put in one high capacity drive don't buy this player.  ", 'i purchased my ipod photo for the express reason of taking it to europe along with my digital camera, my girlfriend has dig cam also. this was our first trip abroad and 14 days in italy we knew that we would be taking tons of pics and i didn\'t want to lug around my laptop, so i looked around and decided to get the 60 gig version. before we left i added over 30 hrs of music, not much for some but more than enough for me. we ended up taking more than 2700 pics over that week and half and the ipod took them all in with no problems. i purchased apples camera connector, $29? and the world travel adapter kit from apple also, the travel adaptors allow you to simply change the style of plug that is on the power adaptor that comes with your ipod or your laptop for that matter, the cool thing is you don\'t need a power converter for your apple products, just pop off the plug replace it with the one for the part of the world you are going to and you\'re set. with no problems i was able to plug it in and charge it all over italy, and download all our pics from both cameras. so instead of having to keep an eye on a big bag with a laptop and worry about it being stolen i was able to keep my camera and my ipod in a fanny pack and i never had a worry. for those of you out there with high end digital cameras and you don\'t want to pack a laptop this is the way to go, plenty of space for even large files. as for those folks that find the controls difficult all i can think is that they don\'t understand simple file formating and higherarchy.  one last thing, you can also use your ipod as an external hard drive to copy and transfer any files you want from one computer to another, and it\'s drive is big enough for anyone. i couldn\'t be happier, and like the engraving on the back of my ipod states "travel is the best revenge"  ', 'this product replaces a 5 gig creative micro which had a hard drive and broke at 1 year after a minor drop.  the zen v is easier to download.  the 2 gig space allows me to hold up to 5 audiobooks and some music.  the battery is lasting about 10 hours. sound quality is better than the micro i appreciate former comments about the unit will not lose its place if the unit is shut down while playing rather than hitting the pause/stop button, which will start at the beginning of the book or song.   i had a few encounters with the unit freezing up.  i can control the frequency  of freezes by allowing the unit to "think" after i touched a button or control.  it\'s a little slow to respond to the commands.  if i\'m pressing a button more than once or hitting the back button command to get into the system controls, i wait until the unit gets to the window that i want before telling the unit what to do. no freezing!  ', "this player works great. i have owned it for a little over a year now and it has been going strong. i wanted to clear up a few misconceptions that older reviews seem to focus on...this player does not have to be used with sonic stage software...at some point, sony included a download in their updates section that allows you to download an mp3 transfer program. although it's not as nice as the drag/drop format of a newer player, it sure beats importing to atrac and then converting to mp3. you can find this download on sony's support site at:  http://esupport.sony.com/us/perl/swu-download.pl?mdl=nwe107&upd_id=1936&os_id=99  for some, since this player doesn't have any functions like voice recording, fm player/recorder or sleep timer that some of the newer players now have it may not be worth it to buy this model. for people like me who just want a simple mp3 player, nothing else i've seen comes close to touching the 60 hours of playback time that i can get from one single aaa battery. (i also own a sansa m240 mp3 player and only get 16 hours from the same size battery and can take the dead battery out of the sansa and it will play another 5-6 hours in this sony!)  ", "i am going to echo many of the other reviews on this product.  the pro's... 1.) affordability.  i bought my 2 gig version for about half the price of an ipod. 2.) player functionality can't be beat.  in terms of what this mp3 player can do, it blows the ipod out of the water.  disregard the fact that i'd never use a voice recorder or an fm tuner, the player itself has cool functions for everyday listening.  my favorite is the 'street mode' that seems to give it a bass boost and cancels out noise without increasing the volume and shattering my ear drums.  con's... the only thing i can say is i would not buy this product ever again, and urge anyone shopping around to look at the creative players or just go with an ipod over this samsung.  the software that comes with it is probably the most user unfriendly thing i have ever encountered in my entire life.  some of the reviews before spoke of the player freezing in mid download, but i've never experienced that.  my issue is that dragging music onto player, or making playlists and then putting the playlist on the player doesn't actually do anything.  the worst thing is, if you want to add a song to a playlist, you can't just add the one song.  you can try, but what happens is you end up with a playlist with only the one song you wanted to add!!!  instead, you have to recreate the playlist and have the player download all the songs all over again, overwriting the previous ones, just to update the playlist with one song.  it is the most time consuming and frustrating experience i have ever encountered with a piece of electronics equipment... and i work in the it industry!  do yourself a favor and go with something else.  ", "main reason to buy an mp3 player is for music! this player sounds ok with included earbuds, but if you try to use a full size set of headphones the volume and sound quality is severly lacking. i personally can't stand earbuds, they don't stay in my ears, plus the sound quality from headphones is usually much better.  pros- -looks like a little ipod -included earbuds sound pretty good (but not great) -has fm tuner  cons- -very s l o w usb 1.1 transfer speeds, takes forever to load songs to device -when using headphones, volume at full up is lacking, sound not very good through headphones -sound quality not on a par with other mp3 players i have tried -limited information about song displayed -must use musicmatch from philips site to transfer songs, not the best application for this purpose -overall, pales in comparison to offerings from rio and creative  i suggest you do some homework before buying this item!  why did i buy this item? i got it on a deal directly from philips for a much lower price than listed here, still i wasted my money, gave it to my sister!   ", 'let\'s dive right into it... the person who designed the hardware of this music player deserves an award. i use music players exclusively for working out. this is the first player that seems designed specifically for that purpose. the waterproofing and the pedometer are a god-send. i had lost 3 players before this to rust and short-circuit. the waterproofing is pretty important to me. the pedometer is simply useful. i keep track of how far i\'ve gone and even cue the music to stop after a certain distance. very cool. i can take or leave the tempo matching. (it is kind of insulting, i can\'t run fast enough to get the high tempo songs. :p)    great, that was the pluses. here is the reason i hate this player: the software. notice how i kept writing "music player?" that is because this device doesn\'t actually play mp3s. it converts mp3 into a proprietary format. these files appear to be 2 or 3 times bigger than mp3s, judging by the number of songs need to fill the player up. (100 to a generic 1 gig mp3 player\'s 400 songs) essentially, you need to use the sony software to get the player to work at all. the software, in a word, sucks. i use windows media player to manage my music. it excels in allowing me to sort media by upwards of fifty variables, such as "date last played," "rating," and so on. the sony software has five. also, it is difficult to create a handpicked playlist, while the player is attached, because the software transfers every selection as you make it!! if the person who created the hardware deserves an award, the software designer deserves to be shot. thank you!!     ', 'i have the 80gb generation 5.5 ipod with video. i have had it for about a month now, & every time i have ever tried to play a video it would play for about a second, then get corrupted & freeze. when i go "back", trying to get to the menu, the entire ipod then freezes & no matter what you do it is completely unresolvably frozen until it runs out of juice and you plug it in to recharge it. this is pretty awful, since this is undoubtedly shortening the life of the battery considerably. worse than that, the only fix anyone online has had for me so far was "wait until the battery dies and then recharge it & it\'ll be fine", which i was - you can imagine - less than pleased with hearing, since i\'d figured that much out frustratingly on my own. there has to be a better answer than that, or i\'m going to feel pretty ripped off.  ', 'ive had many ipods like the ipod video and shuffle but they all are no compiticion compared to this it is amazingly duribly i fell on a rail snowboarding and it didint do anything only one downer its pretty hard to find but other then that its perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ', "but now its gone bad!! iriver support is not responding. i can't down load the updater to my h10,it won't reformat, and emails are getting me nowhere. worst yet i miss my music. like a relationship gone bad, it was great while it lasted, but the end was really sour.   ", 'okay, first of all let me say i am a very critical first class gadget whore.  and this thing is amazing.  the screen resolution is not amazing...but honestly, if you are watching a well encoded divx or xvid file you will not notice at all!  the battery life is very good...just over four hours for me.  using it in hard drive mode could not be easier.  if you download tv shows from the internet ....or want to copy your dvds over....it works amazingly easily and looks great.  the 7" screen is a completely different experience from anything you\'ve seen before in portable media players.  the device is not pocket sized...but it actually is surprisingly small and handy.  it won\'t fit in your pocket...but, when in it\'s case, it is just slightly larger and heavier than a paper back book (though much thinner).  my only complaint about this device is the docking device to plug it into the tv.  there is no place to plug in an rf cable...so if you are on the road plugging it into a tv involves either a dvd or vcr.....or an rf modulator and a system switcher...which sort of defeats the purpose of it\'s portability.  but that is a relatively small complaint considering.   i love this thing>...for $300...it\'s a steal.  macros  ', "i have gotten two of these devices and both have locked up on me. there is no support online and no one can figure out how to reset it. don't waste your money!  ", 'this is a nice portable viewer but do not buy it to use to copy photos from your memory cards in the field, it is not reliable enough for that.  i stored over 13 gigs of photos on it during a recent trip and two folders of over 300 photos "disappeared".  i could not view or download the photos.  i thought they were lost or corrupted, but i was able to recover them using the $200 ontrack easy recovery program. although it was the only way i would have recovered my photos, epson later told me not to use it.  i also had problems with the battery not charging within the first week and even problems running the unit on ac power.  all this happened in the first month i had the unit, but epson would not refund or replace the unit.  i sent it to them for warranty service and it came back quickly with no explanation of what they did.  i have no confidence i can save photos to this unit as backup, which is the reason i bought it. if you are willing to spend this much on a portable viewer, it is excellent, but if you want a reliable tool to backup photos on the go, don\'t buy the epson p-2000 or p-4000, stick with a laptop.  ', 'this is an excellent player. works wonderful out of the box and requires no firmware updates. the sound is wonderful. much better than the ipod. if you want to try out both the place to go is bestbuy because they have most of the top mp3 players available to test in their store. the headphones that came with the player are ok, but you probaby should go out and buy new ones. again for the money it is the best player around. it works with most audio services. unlike the ipod which only uses itunes. it comes with a multitude of features more than the ipod. including fm radio, radio/in line/voice recording. all and all excellent player, easy to use/ tons of features/ pictures/ excellent battery life  ', "okay, this is my first mp3 player, so maybe they're all this user-unfriendly. if so, let me know. there is a serious lack of information available for the operation of this unit. the user manual does not supply it. so you're left to figure it out for yourself. first of all, i'm able to download stuff, (except for the five songs i bought on itunes for 99 cents each), so i'm using it. but you must find out by trial and error how to use the thing. i'm used to devices picking up where you left off when you stop it. but if you don't save your place in a book or podcast, if you don't unpause the unit by the time you're time runs out and the unit shuts down, you have lost your place!! why doesn't it pick up where you leave off automatically? are all mp3 players like this? if you're interrupted and don't have the 20 seconds or so to save your place, in a bookmark, you're screwed.  next, to get from menu to menu, you must push the proper buttons in the correct order, which you learn by trial and error, and must press them for the proper length of time (!) or you can also lose your place.   you must also not press certain buttons or you'll lose your place. for instance, if you are listening to a book, and happen to press back on the tiny joystick, it will exit playing and take you to a previous chapter or even the start of the book!  i'm sorry, but i'm used to cassette players and cd players and i've never had to be so careful in pressing a button on a player before. are all mp3 players like this?  and there is no help from the user manual. none. not even online.  you're on your own.   this is only the beginning. i have no idea how to make a playlist. and there is no information on how to do so. not on the creative site. if someone out there knows of where i can get this information, please let me know. the menu system is clumsy and unfriendly. everything about the unit is clumsy and unfriendly.   i may buy an apple ipod if i find it is more user-friendly, and just use this unit for....   i have given it 2 stars because at least it works, but i'm not happy with it.    ", "this unit performs well when it's new, but god help  help you if it needs repairs . two hours on the phone,  5 representatives later, they said the lcd had frame damage from an impact (lies) and not covered under warranty. the unit was only 9 months old.they offered to give me a $30 discount towards a new one, but you'll still have to deal with the same old company.don't  buy it!!  ", 'this product jammed and broke down after the first use and repeatedly thereafter.  i was able to fix it a several times using my computer but on the fourth round it seems totally kaputt.  i would not recommend it to anyone.    ', 'after trying several units at different apple stores, all of the new ipod classics suffer from a slow interface. apple added cover flow and additional graphics but apparently underpowered the device and menu items have a noticable delay, cover flow is slow to refresh and even the clickwheel navigation is sluggish. these problems are not shared by the new nano, which operates beautifully. i wanted to buy the classic, but now will go with either a nano or a touch.  ', 'if you can find this player for [...] or under and don\'t mind a player that uses id3 tagging, you will get a awesome sounding and great built piece of equipment.if you have used sonic stage before or had a minidisc, that would be a plus for this player. i have owned or own a ipod mini , ipod 4g 20 gig, iriver h10, creative zen micro,and a rio carbon pearl, and can say this player bests them all in sound quality, especially with atrac files.  if you want a radio , recording, or the ability to just dump files on the player look elswhere.sonic stage 3.2 actaully works pretty good , though not as smooth as itunes and the sony connect store is lacking.you have to have your songs properly tagged or else you will have a mess with the "artists" catagory. keep in mind you can still find albums with multiple artists under the "album" search, or make a playlist of random songs under sonic stage (group mode). i am used to this because itunes does the same things to my multiple artist albums ie "the southpark album", it\'s the same thing i have to look under "album" on my ipod, because it lists every artist on the album on the artist search , which makes it a pain.  anyway, the unit is built very nice, aluminum shell and stiff buttons and very good quality plastic is used. i think this is the last sony hd nw built in japan , the hd5 is built in malasyia.  a score of 5 may seem high , but i really love the battery life, sound and beauty of this unit. if i had paid 299.00, i probably wouldn\'t be so happy. if your the type of person who likes superior sound and has a well tagged music library and can live with sonic stage and don\'t need voice recording, fm ect. and can find this for a steal you probably will be a very happy camper !!  also, here is a link of a program that lets you transfer mp3\'s to the hd3 , hd5 , e501 ec. ect. without sonic stage. if you don\'t have ss installed already you will also need the driver. http://www.sonydigital-link.com/dna/common/asp/details.asp?l=en&v=mp3installer_2_0&m=mp3   ', 'when i first got this player i e-mailed tech support because i had a question and did not get a reply after two weeks.  then, after 4 months of purchase (coby warranty is only for 3 months), i got an "hdd read error" and all that worked was the radio player.  i managed to contact tech support and they told me that i need to buy a new player because mine is out of warranty. i searched the internet and found out that many people are getting the same error message as me. i cannot recommend this player.  ', 'if this is your first venture into mp3 players like it was mine do not, i repeat, do not buy this device. first of all, there is no legally downloadable music to play on this thing. nothing is compatible. but, go to their website and click on the "fill your zen" link from the zen stone plus 2gb webpage and it gives you all kinds of links to compatible services. go to the service, sign up for it, and guess what? it\'s not compatible. but wait!!?? they advertised that it was? now try to get help from customer service. they talk in circles, oh yea, by e-mail only... and then to top it off you have to wait at least 24 hours between e-mails to get answers that get you nowhere. in the last e-mail i got customer service finally told me..  "[we] apologize for any inconvenience caused from this experience. please allow me to assist you further in resolving the issue.  prior sending us an email, our website suggested some solutions for the issues that you are having. some information that i provide might be repetitive, but i want to get you the solutions that have highest probability of resolving your issue.  i regret to tell you that zen stone plus doesn\'t support online music subscription services. therefore you won\'t be able to transfer any of the online music that you have subscribe whether it is itunes or yahoo!unlimited."  well now, there\'s some help. all that stuff that they linked me to on their website, its not compatible. and i\'m not comfortable downloading pirated music. so now what? i\'ve got a device that does not do what the website said it would do. i call that false advertising and, oh yes...hmmm, its a piece of junk.  ', 'i heard of the h10 before it even got released, for i used to own an iriver slimx 400 cd-mp3 player that was just perfect.  you couldn\'t ask more from a cd-mp3 player (it was absolutely thin and even had games!).  i had seen the h10 while downloading firmware updates for this player, and when it was nicked in the subway, i made a quick decision and bought one of the first red h10s sold.  pros: i could talk and talk about this all day.  they are, mainly,  - battery life | it\'s better than expected, and way better than an ipod\'s.  it will certainly last you enough to listen through a whole day uninterrupted, or a long transcontinental flight, and to go back home and charge it.  with normal use (3-4 hrs a day) i can use it for about a week.  it does depend on whether you use the screen for pictures or changing settings really frequently or only sparingly.  - sound quality - buy sound-isolating earphones like the shure e2c and it\'ll be bliss.  but the bundled earphones are really good anyway, they\'re the sennheiser mx400s, which have a relatively loud sound, balanced bass, treble, etc., and are way better than ipod bundled phones.  besides they\'re black, which reduces the risk of being a crime victim.  - design - i absolutely love it.  beautiful little chromed details are great, and the red is astounding.  don\'t be fooled by the photo here in amazon, the touchpad is light grey instead of black.  - compatibility - you can play almost all kinds of music files without a hitch.  you can buy from any music store aside from itunes and listen easily.  - ease of use - no installation required!  (only compatible with windows xp).  you can use to sync with windows media player, as i do, and then it will just copy all your music files and the images in any folder you specify, optimised for the device.  choose automatic sync to do this.  if you\'d prefer to drag and drop the files just use the "emergency connection" setting: reset the player, then connect the player, and finally press the o button while turning the player on.  this will make the device appear as just a new hard drive.  copy your music to the "music" folder and you\'re ready to go!  - case included - it\'s one of those translucent silicon cases so popular with ipod.  i don\'t like it, but it\'s really safe.  - easy interface - way easier than other iriver products.  - firmware updates - iriver allows you to download improvements of the player\'s features.  they erase all your files, but you can resync it with your computer and you\'re set.  any annoying things on the player can be solved by this (and my slimx experience tells me they will).  - all the extra features: record from fm radio, srs-wow really improves sound...   cons really few, but they include:  - has a tendency to crash - a lot.  if it stops responding, just do not touch it for two minutes (as in 120 seconds).  if it doesn\'t budge, use a paper clip to press the reset button and that\'s it.  no settings or music are lost.  it can be quite bothering, though, to need a paper clip that often.  this will likely be fixed with firmware updates.  - case doesn\'t identify play, forward and back buttons - to use them with a case, you have to either look at it intently or memorise their exact location.  there\'s no little plastic bump or something that tells you where a button is.  this makes operation without seeing the player difficult for the first few weeks.  - picture viewing is average: pics will either appear pixelated (if compressed automatically with windows media player) or take time to load (if loaded as-is).  - awkward charger - if you want to charge the player, you need to connect a special cable with a proprietary plug into the device, and then plug a "black brick" ac charger to the cable itself.  this means that, if you\'re going on a holiday, you need not only the bulky charger but also a second cable with the usb plug.  what\'s with the proprietary charges?  why can\'t we just have standard power inputs in consumer electronics?   and now, my warranty/support experience.  i can easily say that this has been the best warranty and support experience i have had in my life.  after a couple of months of using the player, the hard drive had a failure.  living in a high altitude place, and subjecting the player to an \'intense life\', this is perfectly possible.  i was totally and absolutely depressed, since i live in mexico and had purchased the player on a trip to the states.  no company (sony even runs tv adverts remembering you of it) honours an american warranty here, so you buy their heavily premiumed items here.  the h10 is sold in stores here for well over $500.  i just thought it was a lost cause.  i was going to stash the h10 in a drawer and go off and buy the overpriced mexican version, when i decided to call iriver support (usa) in my free time through skype.  an american rep answered the line in about five minutes (if it\'s hard for you to understand reps from india imagine someone who knows english as a second language and is speaking from a computer).  he asked some brief questions and then emailed me a recovery files with instructions.  when that failed, i just emailed it through their nice customer support web system, and within a couple of hours i had a rma number to return product.  so far so good!  i called again and asked if there\'d be a problem to have the replacement shipped to mexico on my expense.  no problem!  they specified to send the player without any accesory or instruction manual.  so, i dhled the player to their offices, and it arrived there on friday december 23 in the morning.  well, imagine my surprise when, on december 24, i was greeted with an extra christmas present: a brand new (didn\'t say refurbished anywhere) h10 player, in its box with all the new accesories: headphones, case, etc etc etc.  best of all, it had arrived through ups expedited next day, something that probably cost about $60 usd, and with all taxes prepaid (probably $30 at least).  i was amazed at the efficiency (they probably dispatched the replacement in a couple of hours at most) and by the kindness of doing something they didn\'t promise in their warranty policy.  just because of that, i can tell you: buy from a company that cares about its customers; especially now that apple is ignoring consumer plight regarding the badly designed nano screens (here in mexico they are outright refusing warranty, benefitting from the difficulty of suing and the lack of regulation).  i have known iriver cares because of the release of all those firmware updates for products they have, after all, already sold.  but this makes it perfectly clear.  buy a fantastic product that has great looks and is made by a good company, the h10.  ', "i bought my gmini 402 about 2 months ago. i love it. i use it to play mp3's, take pictures and shoot videos. it also doubles as a portable hard disk drive. i've found the player to be reliable, the sound quality to be good and the picture quality to be good. the player allows for the creation of playlists and for the export of playlists from your computer to the player. it can be connected to a windows machine as a windows device or as a hard disk drive. i found it easier to use the device connected to the computer as a hard disk drive.  i found the device to be relatively easy to use.  i've knocked the player around a few times, but it still keeps playing. the only other device of this type that i ever had was an rca lyra which i also liked. i haven't used and ipod, but from what i have read this device seems to be in many ways superior to an ipod that would be in the same price range. the creation of playlists could be a little more intuitive, but overall i give this machine 5 thumbs up.   ", '*i just want to edit my review here real quick. a little update. my daughters ipod died a couple of weeks ago. after all the trouble we had over the past year, now it is done for good. i reset it (yet again), and then the next day it completely crapped out. we took it back to the store (still under warranty), and they had to replace it.... wouldn\'t trade my sony "bean" for anything...  now back to my original review...*   my g/\'s daughter has an ipod nano. my friend at work has an ipod nano. i do all the music for them. the ipod is ok, and all, but this has been far better in my opinion. i got this as a gift 2 years ago. the battery life is stll awesome.   i am not sure how so many people are having trouble keeping theirs together. the usb cover is not that flimsy. just don\'t beat it up, and it will last plenty long enough.   i have never had a problem with a song being corupt. my g/f daughters ipod is constantly found to be corrupt, and i have to reset it back to factory conditions, and reload the music... she is having that problem again, but is at her dad\'s house. this is the 3rd time since last christmas...  the ear buds suck, but so do about every pair i have ever tried... sound great, but are very uncomfortable. my g/f\'s bean has 500 songs on it. i use a higher quality file, so mine will probably hold 350, but i don\'t even have that many songs i want on it right now...  take care of it like you should anything like this, and it will last a long time...  plus the fm radio function is great. try that on an ipod without paying the extra 45-50 bucks for the fm radio add on...  oh,  and 2 years later, my controls still work like brand new... treat it right and it is a far better but than ipod...  ', "after a year, the lifedrive froze while starting up.  i tried resetting, including several hard resets, which the unit would never complete.  a call to palm tech support did no good - they want me to send it back for repair (at my own expense, since it's past the warranty period).  ", 'i never had to use customer support, that\'s why it gets four stars. wow i have owned this wonderful toy for a year never had a problem with. i have dropped it! it rebooted and rebuilt the library. it does so much. records, records your favorite radio programs too. (think felix hernandez) keeps data and photos (no video) create play lists whatever suits your mood. it\'s like walking around with your own theme music. an equalizer, choose your list random or planned. play all or play some. adjust the volume. oh and another thing get your own headphones. creative gives you an excellent product then gives you really cheap ear phones. but if your thinking of buying this at 8gb think twice and get more than 3 times as much space for the same price.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ea8u12/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-8044844-1556968">creative zen sleek photo 20 gb multimedia player (aluminum/white)</a> same price but get more, more more! a  little larger, same functions but at 20gb you\'ll lose your mind and make extensive use of amazon\'s very varied music library.  ', 'i bought this about 2 months ago and its a really good deal. it is very easy to use and i was able to download music form my cds into it quickly. the battery last a long time and it has a good sound quality. i recommend this product to anyone who wants a good music player without paying a lot.  ', "i've had one of these players plus an 8 gig and the creative vision m for almost a year now and they are all excellent music players.  i have had no technical problems.  they are easy to use and have good sound quality however, i can't vouch for the earbuds that come with them because they were too big to go in my ears.  it is easy to download or transfer music onto them as they accept a wide variety of files.  video quality is good even on the smaller players.  creative gets my vote over ipod everytime.  it's a superior product (or at least an equal one) that has more features (i.e. radio tuner and video capability on smaller machines) for a lower price plus they don't force you to shop at itunes.  i would buy another one in a heartbeat.  ", "i bought my dell dj 20gb version used from a pawn shop almost 2 years ago. i have never had any problems with it. found it easy to use. i was uploading mp3/wma files to it within 30 min., after downloading some albums and the software. i have tried the apple ipod, and comparing the two i found the use of the dell more practicle and easier to use. i love creative nomads, but few of them hold enough music for my tastes. in my opinion, i have yet found another mp3 player that is as easy to use. i personally have never had a problem with the software (the most common problem with other mp3 players), or the hardware. i couldn't be happier.  ", 'see other user review titled "lack of ical editing makes the touch a huge disappointment, september 30, 2007"  it\'s a nice ipod and internet browser but it stops there.  you can\'t add calendar appointments from the ipod and there is no notes or tasks function at all.  what use is that??  if you don\'t have admin rights on your computer, like me and my work computer, you can\'t install itunes and therefore you cannot sync your outlook calendar or contacts without going through the labor intensive process of exporting your outlook pst files to another computer.  it also does not sync sub-folders for shared calendars (i.e. your exported pst files) or sharepoint calendars so you have to copy-paste it into the main folder.  i am very angry that this was not just an oversight, it was apple\'s conscious decision to not include the ability to add calendar appointments -- this capability is in the iphone but not the ipod touch.  just keep your pda and mp3 player and you\'ll be better off.  ', "his is the exact warning description written on the 4th page of the use manual:  warning: the cord(s) included with this product may contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling.  wtf??! why isn't this warning listed on their advertisement? i would not have bought it if i knew about it. do not buy this product if it is a concern to you.  but overall it is not a bad mp3 player.  ", 'this item has a lot of flaws, the only reason i got it was the price was quite less and it was a nice techy stocking stuffer of sorts. i have listed some of the issues i have seen with this product here:  1. battery case - this is a flimsy piece of plastic and the finger that enables the cover to click shut will break with the slightest pressue. i totally agree with the other people who commented on this issue. yes you can prevent it from breaking if you are willing to spend 5-10 minutes to slowly change the batteries but once you tend to hurry up with this process the end is inevitable!  2. power off - the power off si the same as play or power on. if you want to power it off you got to press until you see the unit display switch off else it will stay powered on and playing and drain the battery or probably if in recording more might use up your entire storage space.   3. chord - comes with  chord to hang the unit around the neck while listening to stuff but unfortunately just like the battery case, the groove on the unit into which you are supposed to slip the chord and fasten it, is flimsy as well. it might break off if you have it caught somewhere and try to pull it free instead of patiently working it.  4. ui is bad - the ipod click wheel is very simple and so is the zune ui. this one is simple cos there is just one way to use it but its not easy to use.   go for a ipod nano if you will. this one is not worth the investment.  ', "this seemed like such a great idea: music that won't skip; i can record what i want. then i got it.<p>the software is far more complicated than it needs to be, and it's unbearably time-consuming to put everything you want on the machine.<p>then it there's not enough memory to record all you'll need for a long enough stretch.<p>i could go on for pages but won't waste your time with it. my last straw, however, was when, after i'd purchsed some additional memory, the lid to hold the battery in won't close. so the little, grandly over-priced toy is a total waste. <p>stick to your cd player. maybe it's not all the up-to-date, i.e., the hi-tech industry has replaced it with this little thing. but you'll enjoy it more.  ", "others have described this unit fully, so i won't do so here.  highlights are: (1) about the size of a pack of gum and comes with an arm-band carrier which is great for running (2) has an fm radio and microphone built in (and a line-in jack) (3) runs on an aaa battery (my sons' ipods all died prematurely because of the rechargeable batteries which aren't replaceable)- for me it is easier to carry a few aaa batteries than a charger (4) an incredible number of settings and modes that are easy to access once you get used to the toggle-press switch (5) extremely easy to drag and drop songs into organizing folders on the pc interface (6) tiny display is amazingly informative, with song time, repeat mode, battery life, equalization setting, and song title all displayed when a song is playing (display changes when accessing other functions).  i have only one minor complaint, that is not documented: you are limited to 60 song folders (including the one or two folders that are built in).  you can set up more than that on the pc interface, but the player ignores them.    ", 'this player continually has problems uplaoding mp3 files from the "propreitary" napster software and it constantly freezes up, i\'ve sent it back to amazon once and got another one- and the one i got did the same thing! - also the fm transmitter to the car radio doesn\'t even come close to working - this player doesn\'t do anything it claims to do but frustrate the user- there have been many times i\'ve thought about throwing the thing against a wall after it freezes up for the upteenth time on the treadmill -i should have gotten something else  ', 'i own this ipod video and i love it a lot! good quailty, and very descent, but if you do not put it in a case,it scrachtes a lot  ', "i'm sure this item would have received a 5 star rating if i had used it; i have found samsung products to be very good.  i did not use this item because of the additional charge it would have added to my xm satellite radio subscription.  i already am paying costs for two radios.  i purchased this item to have more portable capabilities, but i did not want to incur an additional charge on my xm account.  consequently, i returned the product without using it.  ", "first and most important, the battery life is not, repeat not, what it claims to be.  the only reason i purchased this thing is because i figured i would save money with the extra long battery life when it came time to purchase batteries.  think again.  strike one.  the sound quality is just plain bad.  most of the time there is an awful hissing noise in the background.  i also like my music loud, but at full volume, you won't get eardrum-thumping sound, no matter what phones you use with it.  strike two.  sony's music connect service is the worst i have ever seen.  i purchased an album a year ago and it still can't finish the download.  like a fool, i actually tried again and i still experienced the same problem.  two albums purchased and no music to show for it.  major strike three.  this product sucks and so does sony.  ", "i've had this about 2 weeks now, and i'm really happy with it.  i was able to use all the advertised features within minutes of opening it up.  i also downloaded all my music using the drag-and-drop feature which is a must-have if you don't want some proprietary software converting all your files and then deleting them (i've had this happen!)  most of the files i have are ripped from cd using software for the zen stone since i had some problems finding anything simple for the zen nano plus. the radio is better than the one in my car, and recording both the radio and lectures is very straightforward.  there's only one minor problem with this player (for the price) and that's it's shoddy case.  don't get me wrong, it's the right size and heft, but within one day the plastic crevices were caked in dust and it looked like the two halves are trying their hardest to split apart.  i might have to duck tape it together because i want this player to last me at least a couple years.  ", 'got mine (blue version of this) from sonystyle.com just yesterday. after playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.   first and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious. 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower. even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.   i suspect the codec/dsp in the sony are still designed for their propreitary atrac3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support. in fact converting a mp3 file to atrac3plus (with included software) sounded better than just mp3 file. inspite of this hassle, it was still below mp3 quality from other players.   the battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by sony. no complaints on that front. the backlight lcd display is a nice bonus too. the size/volume is significantly more than the ipod shuffle.  the user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand. as a result it more cumbersome and confusing than apple/iriver players.  in short this awkwardly named "mp3" music player is a step in right direction for sony but is still below average. price is right but not the quality.  ', "i purchased these for two of my grandsons.  the supplier delivered these very quickly.  i was surprised how fast they arrived.  my grandsons didn't have any of their music at our home, so couldn't download their songs.. but they had the radio playing by christmas morning.  they both seemed very happy.  i only wish that they had come in different colors.  that way the boys can't fight over whose is whose.  ", "this device has one primary purpose...to display the name coby when you turn it on, and then to immediately shut down.  oh, it may play your files for a week or two as a bonus when it's new, but then it resorts to it's true calling.  i purchased one of these some time ago and for my purposes, it did the job just fine.  for a while.  then it just stopped and started the behavior mentioned above. coby tech support was an annoyed-sounding person who suggested a fix that didn't work and another that did: return it to the place where i purchased it.  so i did.  it was very new so they agreed to exchange it for another.  i thought i just had a defective player the first time, so that was fine by me.  the new player worked fine, until it eventually developed the same problems as the first one.  i tried downloading firmware from the website. no luck.    a quick search of the web found that my player had a very common problem, but to date the problem is not acknowledged on the coby website nor is there a fix listed for it.  so i'm assuming that customer service is not a high priority from coby.    i used their submission form to write them about the problem, and when i tried to submit the description i just received a bunch of error messages.    i'm done with coby.  ", 'love it- need it- you must have it  - a must for people that love thier music want to share photos and present a slide show with family and friends. the 30gb is large enough to accomodate lots of images and tunes. the controls and navigation is simple - build quality is excellent - the color screen is clear and beautiful - well worth every penny.  ', "the macvision mp3 player,model ma833a is smaller than most candy bars, but works great.  the 128 mb version will store over 8 hours of audio and in a pinch can be used to transfer computer data files as well.  the stereo sound is good and the user can easily switch from one recorded file to another.  it's a terriffic value for the price.  ", 'i got my h10 on friday and couldn\'t get the unit to finish its boot sequence.  using the emergency sync i was able to reformat and install the latest firmware, but the unit still would not boot.  iriver online customer service didn\'t help much so i sent them an e-mail (via their system) and on monday i called.  there was little wait for a phone rep. but he said i\'d already done everything i could and that it needed to be returned.  amazon had a new unit in my hands three days latter.  way to go amazon.  35 days after sending my e-mail to iriver i finally got a response saying they were sorry for the delay and that if my problem persisted to please contact them.  bottom line, if you have a problem, call, don\'t wait for online cs to get back to you.  the new unit works well and i\'m very pleased with it.  the only problem, as others have mentioned, is the sync function.  i made changes to windows media player library a few times to get things the way i wanted them.  the sync would add the "new" order as new selections and pretty soon i had 4-5 copies of the same songs/albums on the player.  the sync function does not seem to delete or rearrange items on the player, it only adds items to the player.  the only way around this was to delete all the files from the player and sync again. now things are sync\'d between player and wmp as long as i don\'t delete or move items in wmp. i\'m very satisfied with the battery life on this unit.   ', 'i am the unhappy owner of several h10\'s and initially there were no problems, but the closer they got to the end of the one-year warranty, the more problems they all started having.  problems include freezing up for no apparent reason, scrolling in chinese, and the most irritating is when the "system files are missing" and you have to reinstall the firmware and redownload all of your music.  the company doesn\'t believe in customer service - you can\'t get through on the phone and they take days to respond to email.  i have returned two because the hard drives crashed and it took 3-4 weeks to get them back, and then one of them crashed again as soon as i got all the music redownloaded and i had to return it and wait another 3 weeks.  i have a problem with one that has now gone out of warranty and iriver told me they won\'t touch it and to look for a repair shop online.  so save yourself alot of headaches and time, not to mention money, and don\'t buy an h10 player.  ', 'i liked the pepperpad but it was not very sensitive to wifi signals. because of this, i returned the unit and am awaiting a refund. with the price of laptops dropping and having full compatibility with everything on the web, i found the pepperpad an expensive unit with little usefulness. the instant on and infrared remote features were in its favor but again, the weak wifi capability caused me to say good bye to the pepperpad.  ', "i'm sorry for those who wish to sell their used unit, but i'm also a user of this product, or should i say use to be.  for those who are interested in purchasing....buy something usefull.  once the battery fails, it's useless.  you can't replace it.  the only way is to send the entire unit back to mustek and you're at their mercy as to the price for the battery and shipping costs.  do you really want to frustrate yourself???????  the only good thing about the unit is the fair video quality.  the sound is tinney, low volume (even on high).  even though there's no speaker (connect earphones), the san disk sansa is the best bang for the buck!  ", 'for a mp3 player / recorder / thumb drive this price and for 1gb, this is a good bargain, but there\'s always room for improvement:  1) ear buds: without cushions, it will always fall from your ears; 2) the headphones cable sports a "heart". what was that? 3) not much contrast from the lcd. 4) only red colour.  despite the aforementioned, i liked the sound, the eq options are quite good. and - important - it has a usb connector - a plus!  ', "they must b/c i don't know how they're all so happy with it.  i'm not going to write a long diatribe here, but i want to caution potential buyers of the e270.  for starters, it's not compatible with napster to go nor y! music unlimited to go subscription-based services. it is compatible with rhapsody, but set up is difficult and you must have usb 2.0 on your computer. the mtc protocol (see, i told you it is difficult. . . and i'm not that technologically savvy) only works with usb 2.0, not 1.1, which i have.  also, it scratches way easily. if you do purchase this product then get a cover for it.   the controls are sluggish in terms of moving from one song to the next, but the scroll wheel is pretty cool.   i also wish the sound output and the bass response were better. the bass is a little flat for my taste and when you're in the gym or on a plane, you can hear all sorts of backround noise b/c it isn't loud enough. (and yes, i went ahead and purchased the shure earphones for $150 and i'm still not pleased with the sound performance).  i can't totally trash the player, although i'm super dissapointed with it. . .especially in light of how much money i spent on it.  customer support has been great. quick and responsive. the player design is cool. it's small, but not to tiny so that the controls are difficult to operate. the scroll wheel is cool and the graphic display is bright and cool looking.  overall, if you're looking for a player that's compatible with all of the music to go, subscription-based services, look further than the e270. if you are cool with paying per song, go with the nano and itunes. oh, and who cares about the expansion slot. 6gbs are enough.   ", "i liked it because it was my first mp3 player and it's easy to control, my friend brought over her video ipod and i could even make my way around it.  nowhere near the experience though, but like i said great for beginers  ", 'the pmc-120 is the player for you if you happen to own a computer running windows xp media center edition - a recent creature that turns your computer into a kind of tivo, recording tv programs directly onto your hard drive.  i do in fact own a dell mce model, and have scads of tv shows i\'d like to take on the road with me, as well as vacation photos (*.jpg), music, etc.  pros: the pmc syncs neatly with window media player 10 to convert my tv files (*.dvr-ms) to a format playable by the portable player.  installation and translation of files is straightforward - you just build a playlist and hit "synchronize."  the portable\'s screen is bright and the controls are much more intuitive than i-river\'s other model, the pmp-120 (p not c).  there is a usb port built in so, if your digicam also has a port, presumably you could send photos right to the player without going home to your computer.  it\'s a nice way to show people your snapshots.   cons:  the pmc is so reliant on windows media player that other files formats are not so easily  handled (how to translate dvds, for example, is not clear - presumably it\'s possible if you use third-party translation software).  so if you don\'t have a media center computer you are better off with the pmp or with another brand.  translation is slow and doesn\'t always work: of the first three files i tried, one got corrupted in the process and two worked ok but have some minor problems in syncing the audio and video.  finally, i-river support is more-or-less non-existent.  thus, although i\'m happy to own one, if you wait for another year to buy one you\'ll probably get better (faster, cheaper, easier) results.  although i\'m fond of mine, it\'s very much a first-generation contraption at this point.  ', "i recieved my gmini 402 as a gift a year ago.  after only a few months it had already broken (the headphone jack broke).  though i sent it in and had it repaired, when it came back it could now only hold 18.3 gb rather than 20gb!  i called customer service (finding the number was an almost impossible feat) and the person on the line dismissed me saying that i didn't know anything and that nothing was wrong.   i find it a difficult gadget to use and it takes a long time to find what you're looking for.  the more you have in it, the longer it takes to find the song/album you're looking for.  the video screen is just to small to be practical and it only plays files that are supported by windows media player so forget about any realmedia or quicktime files you may have. i would not recomend archos as a company to buy anything from. and i certainly would not recomend this product to anyone.  period.  ", "pros:  cheap for the capacity  cons:  poor audio quality, browsing songs stops currently playing music, no support for playlists, no firmware updates, short warranty  customer service has promised firmware updates due by the end of the month for 3 consecutive months and still hasn't produced a firmware update to fix any of the shortcomings of this unit. spend the extra money and get an ipod mini.   90 days is all govideo feels confident in warranting their products.  i've waited over 90 days for promised firmware updates from govideo to fix all the shortcomings of this product, now i'm out of warranty.  stay away from govideo.  ", "i bought a zune to replace an ipod that i lost. bad decision! the battery seems to go out right away, and i never use the wifi for anything - so i feel a bit like i paid for something i'll never use.   in the end, i bought a new ipod, and have been much happier with it.  ", "some of the other reviewers complained of poor audio quality, and if you just start using the player straight out of the box, i agree, there's a lot of distortion.  but after my adjustments, the player has pretty good audio quality - here's what you do.  play a song that has a lot of distortion.  from the main menu, go to equalizer > 5 band equalizer.  adjust the levels until there's no distortion.  it takes a bit of fiddling but i think 2 minutes of fiddling is worth it for good audio from a cheap player. ;)  on to the review!  i purchased my rave-mp arc (the 2.5gig version) refurbished for $85.  physically the player is well-designed, the buttons are for the most part clearly labelled and it's not difficult to figure out what they do.  though the player is not metal, it still feels like it's sturdily constructed; i've already dropped it and spilled yogurt on it and it barely skipped a beat.  the size of the player is average, about the same size as a candy bar cellphone (though a bit thinner.)  this is something you can slip in your pocket easily, unless you wear very tight pants. ;)  since this is a hard drive player, i wouldn't expect it to stand up to strenuous activities like jogging or mountain biking, but so far it's done fine for me with walking and exercise biking.  i've yet to look at the manual.  the menu layout and operation of the player is very intuitive and easy to use.  i got a little confused on some parts but quickly figured it out.  the battery life is also excellent so far - i use this during my 8 hour work day (usually listening for 4 or 5 hours) and i've never drained the battery below 50%.  transferring files is a snap too, i just use it as a flash drive and drag-and-drop to the player from my computer.  indexing takes a bit of time, but it's nothing too bad.  i did take a star off for the earphones.  this player came with two sets and both aren't that great.  the big 70s style ones were comfortable, but also broken, they distort the sound horribly.  the earbud style ones aren't that comfortable, but they are fairly good with the sound.  expect to invest in a quality pair of headphones.  as for other accessories, the belt clip is a little bulky but entirely usable.  the arm band is very handy when exercising too.  overall so far, i find this to be an excellent deal for my money so far.  it holds a lot, is pretty durable, has good audio quality (after adjustment), a long battery life for a hard drive player, and is easy to use.  i'd recommend this player to anyone who likes to listen to music at work, on trips, or while doing light exercising.  now i get to see how well it stands the test of time. :)  dec 20: after 2 plus months of owning the player i can safely say i was not disappointed with my purchase.  the battery life is still stable and long, and the player still works fine.  the only problems i've had so far are: it will lock up if you try to record when the drive is full (there is a reset button to fix this.)  also, the protective plastic over the player screen is not airtight (also not dust tight!) so my screen is looking quite dusty and i have no immediate way to clean it.  i'm looking into how to clean it off now!  but overall, i still feel it's a good investment, especially if you can get it refurbished or used.  feb 2, 2006: still working!  and the battery is holding up fine, i usually get 8 hours of it easily.  i still haven't figured out how to go about cleaning it... but i haven't really tried. ;>  november 16, 2006: over a year later and it's still working.  i use it about 4 times a week when i exercise now, and i find i have to recharge... maybe once every 2 weeks.  so the battery is still holding up well.  the buttons are getting a little sticky, but i suspect that may be because i do bad things like leave it in a freezing car overnight.  considering the amount of torture this thing gets, it's holding up remarkably well.  ", "save your money. i bought this for my husband for christmas and it quit working 3 weeks later. first it started turning off for no reason, we changed the batteries, no better. now it won't turn on and stay on for longer than 2 seconds. what a piece of crap!!!!!!!! zero stars.  ", "my wife bought this for me so i could record audio quickly and scroll around playing back stuff and deleting what i don't want.  i find it to be a completely unintuitive product.  most of the display is unreadable to my 50 y.o. eyes, even with reading glasses, and it has just been $40 worth of frustration for me.  the audio quality seems good, the features sound good in the manual but implementation of them is another story.  i thought i was just impatient and needed to read the manual more carefully, but after i did that i found the manual was just flat out wrong or misstated some of the products functions.  example:  manual says to turn player on, press and hold play button for 5 seconds.  this is not true, you simply press it and it turns on.  if you hold it for five seconds it turns off.  manual goes on to say that to stop playing a song you hold the play button for 3 seconds.  this will actually turn the whole player off.  5 seconds are not actually required.  having the same button that with one press turns the player on, with another press plays a song (if you are in the right mode), with another press and some amount of holding pauses the song, with another press and more holding but not too much ends the song, and with yet another press and more holding turns the player off is simply assigning too much responsibility to one button.  the interface is unusable to me, i would not buy from this company again.  ", 'got this as a gift for my girl friend.  she is very pleased with it.  she has had it for about 18 months now, uses it every day, and it works as well as the day she got it.  ', "after 2 weeks looking at every word written on the portable media players out there the cowon a2 is the most bang for the buck. i love it. this is the coolest little thing any media junkie could want. i have my favorite movies, music,pictures,auido books...etc right in my hands, my car..everywhere i go. this is hands down an ipod killer. there is other players out there with similar features..namely the archos line of products..the cowon in my opinion is made better...has cooler features and is more versitile than the archos line.ive had no problems at all with this machine.it performs all tasks with no problem..the firmware update is great and super easy to do.the jet shell software is great and very usefull for working with your files. if there was anything to say it would be that out of 1000 possible corrupted files maybe 1 or 2 agrivates the cowon(it may freeze) and you have to shut it off an put it back on, which in the big picture of electronics is pretty expectable.i bought the arkon car mount for it and now i have mobile video for those long trips or snail crawl traffic days. for the car i figured it would be great to get a bunch of music videos since you cant really watch a movie and drive this is a great option. anyone that see's this thing is amazed by it. most people think all there is are ipods or rip offs of ipods out there.boy are they wrong. also i was worried that if i bought this somthing better would come out soon and make this look elementry,but this is not the case.its so far ahead that it will usable for years.its all you need. if somthing else comes out you wont worry because your already happy with your a2. besides look at all the poor ipod sheep...baaaaaa. make way for the lion called cowon  ", 'i had high hopes for the diamond rio and it certainly lived up 2 the hype. lightweight and excellent quality with some good connecting software. my only gripe can be with memory. you definately need another 32mb to store  your music. if you want one, my advice is to wait for the new upgraded  version with 64mb and a graphic equaliser!  ', 'best product! easy to use, the batteries last forever, and i love the video and picture options!!! definately a must have!  ', 'i thought this was a really nice mp3 player when i first got it.  but the more i use it, the more i hate it!!!  half the time the buttons/scroll are way too sensitive and the other half of the time they won\'t work until the tenth try - very frustrating. i do not like the whole menu setup in general either.  it seems to have too many steps to do things.  i hated it even more after i tried out someone\'s ipod nano.  the ipod made this seem even more bulky and heavy.  sometimes the usb won\'t work either.  it won\'t charge or my computer won\'t recognize it to download music until the third try.  then to top it all off, right in the middle of it playing music it just froze!  no matter what i did it stayed frozen, i couldn\'t even get it to shut off.  then like an hour later the screen went blank yet the "on" switch was still lit up.  the creative website showed how to boot it in format mode after removing the battery.  this seemed to work but now all of my music and data are gone so i have to start all over again.  this happened after just minimal use too!  i have read that others keep having this happen a lot after the first time.  and what\'s more.....i would have to pay $25 just for them to look at it because it has been more than 90 days.  that is ridiculous!  it\'s their issue to resolve, i didnt make it malfunction.  needless to say i will be asking my husband for an ipod for christmas! (and throwing this one in the trash)  ', 'i have other iriver products so when i decided i wanted to go with napster to go (monthly subscription service that lets you "rent" tracks for compatible players), i knew i would go with iriver.  the h10 is an elegant little machine -- very nice to look at and solidly built. the interface on the player isn\'t all that great, occasionally confusing, but it works.  i have had no problems getting music onto the player. it works well with the napster software. i play albums -- in track order -- by creating playlists in napster and transfering those playlists onto the player. it\'s a snap.  and the sound is wonderful. i\'ve been using some pretty good sony headphones so far and have been satisfied with the sound quality. i have some shure phones coming soon and expect it to sound even better.  bottom line. for me the player has been almost flawless.  ', "before this one i had an iriver 899, which had lots of customizing features, allowing the user to change recording bit rate, turn the back light off, etc.  i bought this, thinking thta it may be comparable.  i am disappointed. 1.  even though the specs page in the manual says that the recording time can go up to 18 hrs (at 32 kbps), there is no way to get the recording bit rate lower than 96 kpbs.  there are just 3 settings for recording bit rate and the lowest is 96kbps.  the 899 had many different sampling rate and bit rates for recording.  plus, on the t30 you can only record in stereo.  the result: large files which are inconvenient to email, etc. 2.  you would think they would let you turn the dang backlight off if you want, but you can only get it down to 3 seconds.  that wastes a lot of battery life if you don't need it on.  battery companies must be wining and dining iriver or something. 3.  there are other things on the t30 that iriver has started to cheapen, and for this reason i give the device a low rating.  ", "i don't know if laughing or crying. i received this item, unwrapped it, charged the battery, loaded some songs and tried it. it was like 6 pm. that night i tried it and it worked. next day i took it to the gym and used it for 40 minutes. i didn't hit it on anything or something like that. then, suddenly, the image on the screen mirrored. it mirrored! all the words and graphics were flipped and looked as if you were looking at them from behind.  one minute later all the image blurred. i couldn't read anything in the screen, but it still played music. i noticed it had a reset button on the back, i pressed it. it went back to normal... for a minute! then the image blurred again and puff! it turned off. i got home, tried to charge the battery again, the image on the little screen was in a blur again. i disconnected it from the power: the screen didn't have any image and it didn't played any music. end of story, it worked in my hands for less than 24 hours!!! and the radio? well, i didn't have time to try it! this is definitely the worst item i have ever bought on amazon. simply, don't buy it !!!!!!  ", 'it was a gift for my nephew, 17yrs. old. so far he seems to love the whole thing. he says it holds more than enough music, its controls were very easy to learn and use. i would recommend this product/item to everyone who has a teenager as well as everyone who loves music at their fingertips in an mp3 player.  ', "i purchased this mp3 player and i couldn't get it to work. the battery would not charge up.i called phillips and the representative said i should push the reset button. i did and it still didn't work. i called phillips five times for the same problem over a four week period. finally the representative said they would give me a refurbished player. of course, i am upset because i have never used the item and i don't believe i should have to received a refurished one. if you are thinking about purchasing this item, please think twice. if you have a problem, phillips will not help you. i read the negative feedback and i didn't believe them. if you have bought one and it is working, you are very lucky. i would hate to see someone go through what i have been through. they do not care about their consumers. i would give this item 0 stars  ", 'this is the best portable video recorder!  easy to navagate, easy to transfer files.  my only problem is not being able to buy another.  ', 'i\'ve been using this player for nearly and month now and truly love this unit. it\'s physically very small (in many ways it\'s smaller than the ipod nano!) and the sound quality is quite good even with the headphones creative provides with the unit. the inclusion of a built-in display is very useful, especially when you configure the internal features of the unit. because it is a device that works under microsoft\'s "play for sure" specifications, you can also play back drm-protected .wma files downloaded from many commercial music web sites such as the ones offered by wal-mart and yahoo! music.  i would recommend a couple of things though--consider getting rechargeable aaa batteries since the unit does use up aaa batteries fairly quickly and also for maximum sound quality, get a good "in ear" earbud headphone such as the panasonic rp-hje50 available on amazon.  ', "love the screen. album art is great and photos are spectacular. gigabeat software is buggy and needs alot of improvement. but it works, downloaded 250 cd's without any problems. software always seems to freeze, but no problems to end result. the different equalizer settings are not very different. but it plays well.  ", "this is one of the most awesomely put together player, but the software leaves you craving more.  pros -very easy to hold in your hand -great sound quality -touch sensitive -straight forward menus -sturdy player   cons -software is atrocious -touch sensitive -lacking special features  conclusion i would highly recommend this player to anyone looking for a music device. it has no special features, which i'm fine with, but they are always fun to mess with. you may have noticed that i put touch sensitive on both lists. this is because it is great to use when you want to, but it is so sensitive, that unless you keep the hold on at all times, it will change songs or pause. you have to even be careful reaching across the player to turn on the hold button or else it will go back a song. again, i would buy this item again if i had the chance.  allen  ", "this mp3 player is a piece of junk. i bought it from amazon last christmas after reading all these good reviews about it. if you plan to transfer files from windows media player or napster to this device don't buy it. the firmware is sketchy and hard to download. i have had a problem with licensing on it. when i called the customer support for napster, they told me they had no clue what was wrong with it. the support from the iriver company was bad as well. the player is now collecting dust on my desk, and the music is slowly decaying somehow. i suggest you buy an ipod and put hacked music on it or something, or take a chance and buy the sandisk sansa e270. it looks a lot better, but than again, so did the iriver h10.   ", 'i dont like this mp3 player because i have to put a new battery in every time i use the thing.   ', "i'm a mom ... that being said i do not need to hear every instrument during my very hetic day.  this provides the music i (& the kids) love to get us moving.  the first one i purchased, which was a 250 mb, did not power up at all. one call to philips to trouble shoot, no luck, so they had me send it back, on my dime.  however, they replaced it, about 6 weeks later, with an upgraded 512 mb unit.  no trouble whatsoever with the 512.  i did reset it once with ease, did not loose anything.  battery life is quite long, and built-in rechargeable.  downloading is so simple, or transfer your cd music, easy enough, i am not one to fiddle with instructions.  the volume is loud enough, can also use with headphones.  no need to carry cd's for the car now.  have used as portable speakers for the kids dvd player, as an alarm clock, auto shut-down, etc. play music by artist, type, shuffle, repeat.  holds plenty of music.  built in radio.  very portable, took on vacation for the cabin.  obviously not for the pocket.  wonderful idea, very satisfied.  ", "let me start off by saying that i was amazed at how small this thing is. i bought the ipod mini.  when i got it and opened it up i was amazed at how small it was. it was crazy small!  plus it holds around 1,000 songs.  right now i have about 500 and it's a little over half-full on the memory. i got a 4gb ipod mini.  so, there is plenty of memory space for lots of songs.  the software was easy to install.  i thought it was tricky figuring out how to select songs and actually put them on the ipod.  but after a while i figured it out.  also the volume on the ear phones is amazing. i almost blew out an eardrum by accidentally turning up the volume!  the only problem i've had so far with the ear pieces is that the foam ear pads keep coming off the earbuds.  no biggie though.  i would recommend getting some sort of case to protect this thing since you've already paid $200 bucks what is another $20 to make sure it's safe!  there's plenty to choose from.  charging is it easy, you just plug it into the usb port and it automatically starts charging it.  i have a computer so it's no biggie.  if you don't have a computer with a usb port its gonna be tough finding a place to recharge it.  i haven't tested the battery life yet, but it seems to be ok.  probably more than what i need.  lastly, i was a little worried that the songs would not transfer over to the itunes software. i have lots of songs that i got elsewhere :) i hoped they would transfer over to the other software and they did. they also sound great, the play fine. it's not a problem at all. now i have over half of my music collection on this thing.  it's a really great product.  5 stars!!  ", "i bought the samsung yh-925 somewhere other than amazon. (that was a mistake in itself! the place i bought it at, b**t b*y, wouldn't give me a cash refund for a purchase over $250.00. sent it to me in the form of a check in the mail. (10 days) and no, i don't work for amazon.) after looking at it in the store, it seemed to be the perfect player. small, sounds great, looks cool, built very well, 20 gigs of space, very easy to navigate menus. what could possibly mess this up? the supplied software was completely useless, at least on win xp os. not one thing about it worked right. it would transfer songs and playlist to the player but the player wouldn't reconize them. on the otherhand, i was able to transfer songs via windows media player, but, even though my songs were all numbered (both the file name and the id3 track number) it would put albums on the player in some kind of random order. (not alphabetical or any other format that i could see.) ok, the player was still cool, and maybe i could make myself live with this anoyance. then i hit kink number 2. after deleting an album from the player, even windows media player couldn't put it back on. after trying several times to get it to accept the album, it gave me a warning window saying the data base needed repair. i'm no programer or anything, but i spend a lot (too much) time on the computer. i know what i'm doing, but this thing was un-manageable.  bottom line: don't waste your time and money. i wasted nearly an entire week trying to get it to work. the only reason i spent so much time with it is that, the player itself seems so cool. if a rating of less that 1 star were possible, that's what it would get. all because of the software and lack of support.  p.s. even though the player acts as an external hard drive, and you can drag and drop songs into it, you can't play them, because they aren't reconized. i guess that qualifies as kink number 3.   ", 'buy something else - do not purchase this one.  there are plenty of other choices and i am so disapointed that i chose this one!  the fm transmitter, which is the reason i chose the yp-910gs is abslolutly useless - no volume and no treble.  the unit itself and full of bugs (crashes when you turn it on and has to be reset) and samsung provides little to no support.  stay away!  ', "there are a b'jillion mp3 players out there.  i have wanted one for about a year, but this one had an fm transmitter, which is what really seperates it from the pack (well, that &amp; the integration with napster, which didn't matter to me).  i wanted to be able to listen to this in my car, at home, wherever.  and the fm transmitter should make that easy -- you don't have to carry anything else; just the unit.<p>without going on too much, here's why i'm returning it:<p>1) the fm transmitter is very poor.  it's not just that the range is short (which it is), it also has crackling static all the time, regardless of which station i selected, and regardless of how close i put the unit to my receiver/antenna.  this was the case both in my car and on my 2 home radios.  i could hear my music well only if i turned the radio way up and had the unit within 1 foot of the receiver.  even then there was an annoying static noise going all the time.<p>2) i had to reformat it -- twice -- and i only had this thing for about 36 hours.  when i downloaded my mp3s to it, everything seemed fine, but then when i would try to disconnect the device i kept getting &quot;cannot disconnect right now&quot; messages.  the software said it was finished transferring -- i waited another hour, nothing happened -- so i shut down my pc &amp; disconnected.  none of my files were on the unit.  i could see them in win explorer, but they wouldn't play on the unit.  reformatting fixed this, but wiped the drive clean &amp; i had to start over.  second time worked with a transfer of 100 songs.  then when i tried to transfer the rest -- another reformat.<p>3) you can only load music (even your own mp3s that you ripped from your own cds) through the napster software, and the napster software sucks.  it froze on me several times, wrote corrupted files to the mp3 device, and is generally slow.  i did upgrade the software which improved the speed &amp; stability a bit.  but now that i'm returning the player, you can bet that i'll be removing napster from my pc.<p>anyway, that's it.  i'm really disappointed -- all i was looking for was an mp3 player with a (decent) fm transmitter.  if i was just a little geekier i could probably make this at home.  i hate that the only player on the market with a transmitter is so unreliable &amp; has such poor sound on the transmitter.  ", 'i bought this item in april during a promotion for my brothers graduation thinking it would make a perfect gift for him since he always loathes the heavy laptops. the item is lightweight and ultra portable. full marks here to it. but!! thats about it! besides that this item is a piece of crappp.   the keys are damn friggin hard to press. processor is ultra-slow. i could make a cup of cappuccino while it opened the browser. the darn thing kept of hanging every 5-10 mins. the battery life is less than an hour after full charge. i must hv restarted it a zillion times in 2 days and then gave up. it would not play online music cos the company did not add codecs in the software. sold it on ebay for 50 bucks less. thank god didnt gift it my bro or wud hv gotten a a** kicking of a lifetime.  ', "a good solid player with amazing battery life, sound quality, it's small, lightweight, easy navigation buttons. a joy to use  ", 'i bought this item a few months ago and it works great! the aaa batteries last a long time. adding songs is so easy, you can synch songs onto it via windows media player, you don\'t even need to use the software. in terms of making a playlist, all you have to do is title your songs with the number you want them to be. for example if your song is "mysong.mp3" all you have to do is title it "01mysong.mp3" and the next "02myothersong.mp3" and they will be in that order on the mp3player. if you want to put another song in between just title it "015myotherothersong.mp3" and no problem it works. i also recommend converting your files you want to add into .wma format. you can decrease the file size significantly and over normal decent headphones the audio quality is not noticably different at all. this way you don\'t even need a 1gb, i got a 512 and it fits tons, i haven\'t even filled it up yet. i really recommend this player!  ', 'please don\'t buy this product unless you plan on working pro bono as a tech for yourself on behalf of creative. the player will eventually freeze up and attempts to fix officially using creative updated "play for sure" firmware software will "destroy your player for sure". simple. i just wish i had read a little about this before attempting to upgrade the software and i might have salvaged what little was left of the player. the good reviews are simply from people who just haven\'t heard trouble with their products, it\'s not a question of if but when. you\'ve been warned.   ', "bought my dell dj20 several years ago with my computer. i'm no techno-geek & knew very little about these mp3 players.   i have a physical disability which affects my hand dexterity, which made switching discs often in a disc player frustrating! my dj has been a joy, 1350 tracks loaded & still plenty of space! it's not very heavy, fits in a pocket, & the buttons are fairly easy to use, (on/off requires more pressure & holding for a few seconds - but at least to turn it off you can also just press pause & let the auto-off engage).to be able to build playlists & even repeat them allows a day filled with the songs i love - not what some radio station with bad dj's & tons of commercials picks!  the musicmatch sync can be a pain at times, but bearable considering the benefits.  i've wanted a second one just to load my audio books & now that i've found out dell discontinued them, i'd better hurry!    if anyone from dell reads this, please bring these back!!!  ", "i'm glad i don't write reviews right away after receiving a gift, because i would have mistakingly given this product a good one.  i thought the sound was pretty good, and was impressed with the amount of songs it held, and the battery life.  i received the sony psyc mp3 player (in blue) for christmas.  that evening i set up the software, used my 5 free downloads, and put a couple of my own cd's on it also.  everything went smoothly, and i used it a few times, thinking this thing was great!  my problems started when i wanted to transfer all my purchased downloads from realplayer.  this mp3 player wasn't supported.   i put the mp3 player on my dresser and there it sat for about 2 weeks.  when i went to use it again, it would lock up and/or shut itself off.  i couldn't access the menu, and my computer wouldn't recognize it when i hooked it up to the usb cable.  after sitting on the phone with sony, i realized this thing was just dead.   so i made an even exchange for the same style sony.  i went to transfer the songs i purchased from the enclosed sony software, and it says it cannot transfer this type of file. hello??? it's from your site sony!  you can't even accomodate songs from your own site?  i've had enough of this $90 piece of junk.  i would never recommend this player to anyone.  it's been nothing but a headache.  ", "i bought this player refubished and it was wonderfull! it was my first mp3 player but i didn't have any problems. it arrived much earlier than expected, with every thing i needed. the songs were very easy to load. all i needed to do was dowload windows media player 10 (which they provided)!the menu was very helpful and easy to acess. the player was very durable (i dropped it more than i can count) it even spent a night in the snow which put it out of commision for about a month ,but it came right back after drying out! the only things that would make this player better would be: an armband or case(it comes with a neck band), being able to make a playlist from the player ,and a radio! i am considering geting the 1gb after mine finally gave up the ghost two years later. i defintly recomend this player!  ", 'this might be a decent product for listening to a few songs, but it\'s very difficult to listen to podcasts on this device. the hardware is fine, but the software is just terrible and includes a buggy usb implementation that isn\'t fully compatible with macs.  starting with the last point, the player does mount as a normal usb mass storage device and you can easily copy files (and whole directory hierarchies) to it. when you try to unmount the drive, however, it disappears for a moment and then immediately re-mounts. under macos x there\'s doesn\'t seem to be any way (other then clever timing) to remove the drive without getting a warning from the operating system.  add to this the fact that the only firmware updater available from sansa is an .exe file that only runs on windows machines, and it becomes clear that this player is only intended for windows users. mac and linux types should look elsewhere.  the first annoyance in actual usage is that this player only allows you to navigate using its own internal database (which it appears to re-build from id3 tags every time the player is turned on). you can browse by artist and album and song name, which might be all right for music (assuming all your songs are tagged correctly), but fails miserably on most of the podcasts which use these fields in idiosyncratic ways. organizing your files into directories (grouped by podcast subscription, for example) doesn\'t work, because the software doesn\'t let you navigate the file hierarchy on the drive: it\'s their database or nothing.  further, even if your files are tagged in the way the player expects (such that one podcast subscription corresponds with a single artist or album) the order that files are played appears to be arbitrary. having files named such that episode file names sort in chronological order doesn\'t help at all: again; the player insists on playing files its own way. if you have five days of news updates, there\'s no way to listen to them in order.  the player also fails to save any state at all when it is turned off; if you\'re twenty minutes into a sixty minute podcast you\'ll lose your place. (in fact, you\'ll probably entirely forget which file you were listening to.) even if you remember exactly what file you were listening to, are able to find it in the player\'s crazy database, and also remember exactly how far into it you were, you\'ll have a hard time getting to that spot. the player\'s fast-forward feature operates at barely five or ten times real speed. to get twenty minues into a podcast you\'ll be left holding the fast-forward button down (while hearing absolutely nothing) for at least two minutes. the player is hopeless for listening to long podcasts in small chunks.  of course, all the intelligent design that has made products like the ipod so popular are missing. there\'s a power button, a stop button, and a pause button. how do you know which one to choose? i have no idea. there\'s a button which a picture of a few lines on it, there\'s a central "action" button, and there\'s a "menu" button. which one do you use to browse the player to look for the next thing to listen to without stopping the current track playing? it\'s not at all intuitive. not that i found any feature for "queueing" tracks to play in the current playlist, anyway.  for me at least, this player was a complete waste of money.  sandisk---please just open-source your firmware and let us fix your lousy product for you.  ', "i have a lot of experience with these devices.   ipod video units, creative vision m, other sansa players.  the good: this player is smaller and lighter than hard drive based players, it is expandable too, with micro sd flash ram.   you can drag and drop to and from it.    not tied to itunes or other software.   you can use it with rental music stores like napster (requires use of wmp).   it can hold a lot of material, especially for a flash based player.   it is affordable and simple to use.  the bad: the interface is not near as smooth as the ipod, contrary to specification it will not play back my video files that the ipod will, this player locks up especially with longer videos.   i have encoded them properly at 320x240.    in addition it lacks the capacity to play 640x480 files (not supposed to to but would have been nice).   so it is really just a higher capacity larger form factor sansa mp3 player.    too many issues with video to be worth while as pvp.   the rewriting of the database when you unplug it is slow.  that said apple's new ipods have been engineered with a new piece of firmware that cripples video unless you use their new docks that have an authentication chip in them.    i would recommend boycotting apple ipod products until they release firmware that no longer locks out third party cables and docks.   they did this without warning so an ipod classic for example is not an actual classic because the ipod video units that it replaces work well with third party cables and docks and the classic is designed not to!  so i will end up stuck with the sansa because i got it for xmas and it was over the 30 day period when i received it and found the video issues but i am not happy with it.    my players of choice remain the gen 5 and 5.5 ipod video units, they are not designed to allow moving music and video on and off like the view allows but they do work and with third party software you can transfer music and video from them to you computer.  i would not recommend the ipod nano because even though it plays video they put that same authentication chip in it.   yes the view may not have a video out capability at this time, but at least sandisk didn't purposely engineer firmware so you can't use older sansa docks or third party products with it.      ", 'when i first got this mp3 player, i thought, this is going to be awesome. because i read you can connect it to your cd player, and get songs from your cds onto it. and you can, if you don\'t mind listening to... fffshshzzzhshhhfshhszzzz... and now your probably thinking, "then why the hell did you give it five stars?" well, the sound quality of the mp3s is amazing. and the voice recorder is so fun. which by the way, costs 30-40 dollars for apple to install, and the fm radio is great, and costs 30-40 dollars for apple to install, and you can even record a radio station for songs you like on the radio. i even fell in love with the headpones, their tiny, and very compact, with great sound. just forget the whole wma songs. a few people gave this product a bad rating because it only holds 4 hours. well that should\'nt be a major problem at all, because the software is the easiest thing to use since a stand-up shower. just update it whenever you get bored of the songs. summed up, this is the smallest, most compact mp3 player (about a third the size of an ipod) with great sound.   ', "i got a zen-v for my birthday this year, and it is waaay better than an i-pod. there are some glitches, however: it only holds 500 songs. also, it freezes up like a computer does sometimes. it's also a little harder to use than an i-pod. the sound quality is really good, which is what makes it 432432432% better than an i-pod. i reccomend a zen to all music lovers.  ", "a lot of other reviews have posted all important points, but i'll sum up with the best qualities in this player. all players have flaws in them, but it depends what you are looking for. 1) a 30 hour battery life is great if you play it a lot. plus you only need to charge it for 2-3 hours to get it fully charged 2) the sound quality is superb for an mp3 player, with its own equalisers, custom and pre-set. you can set your own treble and bass quality. 3) lots of shuffle options. you can shuffle by groups, singers, albums, and songs (basically track shuffle and unit shuffle). 4) you can't exactly have playlists but you can 'bookmark' up to 100 songs, which acts like a playlist. 5) you can search by artist, groups, genre and album 6) the player is very very small (smaller than an i-pod) and can hold up to 13,000 tracks. it is really thin and can easily slip into a shirt pocket. 7) lots of useful little things that makes the player great, such as a measure bar to indicate how much time of one song has elapsed.  ", 'i bought this mp3 and b4 buying ofcourse i saw amazon reviews..  some were nice and some were not.. mine is a nice one.. the program is sooo simple and use to use and its really fast [not slow]..  the mp3 itself looks nice too.. the sound quality is not bad as well.. so, reasonable price and easy to use and fast transfer are really enough for a mp3..  ', 'we purchased the samsung yp-t8x 512 mb mp3 player for our 10-year-old daughter last christmas.  it was an excellent choice because it does just about everything you could imagine.  in addition to having a sleek, contemporary design, it has great sound and a brilliant colorful display.  with the software provided, you can convert video to mpeg4 to play on this little dynamo. i was able to store several cartoons including "the grinch" as well as over 40 songs. you can also view digital pictures, record and play fm radio stations.  the unit has excellent picture quality.  the player also comes with a couple of games you can play.  my daughter loves the player and we have had no problems with it.  we are planning on buying another one for my 9-year-old son this christmas.      ', "the creative zen nano plus mp3 player is very small, not much bigger than a cigarette lighter, but it delivers great sound. from music to audio books, this little gem will not disappoint, especially for the price. the only con is that the battery doesn't charge from the usb port from what i've read, but you can buy rechargeable batteries and a battery charger or an ac adapter.  ", "this is my first mp3 player.  i researched this model, and found that others thought it was good.  i agree.  the sound quality is excellent for such a small device -- better than cd and tape players i've had in the past.   the software makes it very easy to download songs to the device, as well as rip from cds i own.  takes some getting used to in regards to playing different folders (have separate soft and workout music folders), but quick to navigate once you get the hang of it.    would definately recommend it for someone who doesn't need all of his music stored on one device and who wants to play for 1-4 hrs at a time (anything more than this, would recommend a hard drive device.)  ", "there is just one word to describe this product: amazing. i'm full satisfied with it. just buy it with 1mbytes (mine is 512kbytes). one last thing: the battery lasts forever.  ", "i've had my zen touch for a few days now, and it's been wonderful to use.  all things considered, i fully researched the player before i made the purchase and came to the conclusion that it was exactly what i was looking for.  it has its low points, but the long battery life & low price definitely outweigh its chunky size and lack of subdirectory support.  the high points: --sound quality:--  i listen to a lot of classical music in addition to shake-yer-booty club tunes, and the zen touch has played everything i've thrown at it clearly, crisply, and without any distortion.   --price:--  my budget for the player was limited, and i only went a few dollars over while getting lots of bang for the buck. --data support:--  i have about half the space on my zen filled with movies and random files which are really easy to drag & drop.  it's great for taking a movie too big for cd over to a friend's place. --durability&construction:--  this player feel like quality.  it's obviously well made and sturdy.  it would probably be easy to scratch the finish, but that's why there is a case.  i would definitely be mindful of dropping it while it's running, though, since that's a great way to kill a hard drive.  a fall would likely not harm the case, but if the hard drive is spinning it can ruin the drive. thankfully, the belt clip has a little edge which helps to keep it from slipping off, and i've clipped it to everything from necklaces to bra straps to a swimsuit with no fear of it falling off. --battery:-- it just keeps going and going and going!!!  i haven't timed how long i've gotten yet, but it's definitely way over 20hrs.  docking sucks the life out, though.  plug in for it.   things i expected to be low points but were fine: --scroll bar:-- a lot of people have complained that it is too sensitive, but mine has been fine to use without playing with any settings.  it took about three minutes of useless flipping from the bottom of my playlist to the top, but it's easy to get the hang of.   --headphones:--  the included headphones are perfectly adequate.  they're not sennheisers, but they don't distort and i plan to use them because money is tight and they're fine...  in fact, they're noticeably better than any other headphones provided with cd players i've purchased in the past. --software:--  i expected that the software would be awful, considering the reviews, but i used both creative's nomad explorer and red chair's notmad explorer for a while and i didn't feel that it was necessary to pay the extra bucks for it.  creative's software is perfectly adequate for transferring files to the player, creating playlists, and editing certain id3 tags in bulk (artist, album, and genre).  that's all i expect it to do, and it does that very well.     the low points: --no subdirectories:--  the zen touch uses id3 tags to organize the files, which is a pain since a lot of the time the tags are wrong, especially on mp3s which have been around for a long time.  however, tags are definitely better on downloaded files these days than they were in the napster era.  creative's software makes it easy to bulk edit some tags(album, artist, genre), too, which really helps to cut down on the pain-in-the-butt factor.  thankfully, there are plenty of free id3 editing programs out there to easily bulk edit the track number and year fields. --provided case:--  don't get me wrong, it's great protection for the player, but it's not possible to access the buttons while it is in there.  that means everytime you want to change the song, you have to pull the player out, take it off hold, press the next button, turn hold back on, and then slip it back in the case.  what a pain.  i haven't purchased a new case yet, but i'm definitely going to look into it!  and, inconsequentially, the headphone cord is white, so from afar it looks like i'd actually waste my money on an ipod.  boo.  all in all, this is a great player and definitely worth the money.  ", "first one didn't work, got a replacement - both easy to put music on the device but the music will not play ... very clugy button setup and even the neighborhood tekky kid couldn't get the songs downloaded to play - don't buy this item!   ", 'i went to circuit city with my dad to buy this mp3 player after my older sister recieved one for christmas. when i was researching the quality of this product, some of the reviews were not pleasing, but i\'m sorry to say i actually went out and bought it. and i\'m also sorry to say this review will not be very pleasing either. the exterior casing of the creative zen nano plus is merely cheap plastic -- flimsy and pathetic next to the ipod nano 2nd generation\'s aluminum casing. scratch marks and scuff marks show up easily and i\'m guessing that the curved part that comes off to allow you to change the battery would also break easily if stepped on, etc. the positively worst part of this mp3 player are the earbuds, which fall out if you barely touch the wiring. in order to keep the earbuds in place i have to stick them into my ears at an odd angle which makes even sound level 1 too loud to hear someone speak in an "indoor voice". sadly, there\'s more: the backlight doesn\'t stay on long enough to allow you light to see which song is playing, how long it\'s been playing, etc. there is a "backlight" section in the "settings", but the longest it can stay illuminated is only 15 seconds. also, when skipping tracks, you use the same button to scan within a song, making it much harder to scan within the song than skip tracks. another disappointment is that two of the cds i tried to load onto this mp3 player weren\'t read as "being there", although they work fine when i listen to them on my walkman, dvd player, computer, etc. luckily, i\'ve had this player for about nine months, but it\'s still going strong, most likely because of the fact that it runs on a single aaa battery. this does get most annoying after awhile though, having to change batteries every two to three weeks, or whatever, depending on how often you listen to this. from the reviews on  this site, i\'m most likely going to purchase an ipod nano 2 gb for my next christmas. so although it\'s around $90 more, i\'m hoping it\'ll be worth the extra money to have an mp3 player i\'m not complaining about all the time.  ', "the ipod nano is a very worthy successor to the wildly popular ipod mini and is a great addition to the ipod family.  this thing is tiny.  you won't believe how tiny it really is until you have it in your hands.  the nano pretty much does everything the big 20g ipod can do, except it holds only 1000 songs with 4g model and 500 with the 2g as well as photos and album art.  it also includes a stopwatch which is handy when i go running.  it is also extremely light.  i thought the mini was light, but this feels like a feather not to mention extremely thin.  it slides into my front pocket with ease.  the screen is smaller of course, but doesn't lose its clarity.  there is also the return of the touch sensitive click wheel first introduced on the ipod mini.  it works very well sifting through songs in seconds.  the nano comes in the familar white and a very slick black, however the black one will definitely show more scratches.  gone are the variety of colors of the mini.  the only gripe i have about the nano is that it is extremely proned to scratches.  i was extremely careful with it even handling it with a microfiber cloth, yet still managed to get scratches on it.  i don't know if it's only me, but i get really anal about scratches on brand new products i've bought.  you would think after coming out with the other ipods that suffered the same problem, apple would've been smart and covered the nano with a scratch resistant material.  ", 'i bought this mini mp3 a while ago and loved it. good radio, nice sound quality, and beautiful graphics. but then, it became possesed and said i needed to "re-sync every freakin\' song to listen." ?!! re-sync?!!!! i already synced it, i can\'t do it again!!! so, i format it and attempt to download again, but the software rejects it once again. i get mad and break it accidentaly, and then i lose the stupid thing it\'s so small. take my advice, avoid the un-neccasary anger and don\'t buy it. there\'s lots of other good quality mp3\'s out there, this ain\'t one of em.  ', 'i recently was given this mp3 player this christmas and so far it has worked beyond my expectations. the player is small and lightweight so it fits in my pocket and i dont eaven feel that it is there. the music playback is great and the radio is clear. when i first charged the battery i was amazed at how fast it took to charge(less than an hour). the earbuds are ok but who buys a mp3 player for the ear buds. the built in usb connector is a great thing to have because you dont need to mess with usb cables when you want to place music on it. the display is a bright organic electroluminescence display and is great for viewing in low light. the sonic stage softwhere takes a little while to get used to but is workable. overall this player is perfect for anyone in need of a compact, lightweight mp3 player.  ', 'this is a terrific piece of technology. it improves on its muvo precedessor (i bought a 128 mb player 16 months ago) with a longer battery life, larger memory, and lcd window, while retaining the immense advantage of a digital music player *without* moving parts.  to my mind the ipod is overrated -- too expensive and too fragile. plus the muvo plugs directly into your usb port.  ', 'dont waste your money on an ipod.  the zen is really easy to use and i use limewire to download music so i didnt spend any extra money on buying music. the battery lasts a long time too which is nice, once you charge it completely the first time you only have to charge it about once every week and a half, depending on how often you use it. its also really small and light it almost disappears in your hand, but the screen looks awesome for such a small device.  also, fyi creative actually sued apple in 2006 for infringement of the zen patent, the case was settled for $612 million       ', "bought this for my 15 year old.  he really likes it and it was reasonably priced.  haven't had any problems with the unit.  ", 'the av500 is one gadget that i\'ve grown to love.  the 4" screen is just beautiful.  people may complain about the size, that it\'s bulkier than an ipod or a zen m, but those players do not have a 4" screen nor do they have direct recording capabilities.  its size is remarkably small for what it can do, and trust me, it can do alot more than most think.    i\'ve owned a video ipod, a zen vision as well as a zen vision-m.  those gadgets only stayed with me for a short while and were eventully sold on ebay. the av500 surpasses all my expectations on video playback and recording capabilities.  the bottom line is, the av500  - plays videos and displays pictures on built-in 4" lcd or an external tv (using the provided av hook-up) - records videos directly from dvd player or cable/satelite boxes - plays mp3s - 4 1/2 houurs of video playback w/ standard battery (extended battery only available for the 100gb provides 9 hrs of video playback, but is purchased separately) - transfer and store photos directly from the camera using a cable (no need for the pc) - angle viewing is not an issue (unlike w/ the zen vision, where it has to be directly front view)  yes, you shouldn\'t go jogging with the av500 and i wouldn\'t advise jogging w/ anything that has a hard drive.  for that, i strongly suggest using a flash base player.  i own the 30gb version and i just recently bought the 100gb from amazon.  i just wish they made more accessories for it.    if you want a video player with a great screen that also records directly, this one is for you.       ', 'we liked this mp3 player for its size and the option of using the speaker without the headphones. unfortunately though, there was a problem with the construction. there was a loose screw holding the top mp3 section and the bottom speaker section together that could not be tightened. due to this problem the product was wobbly and was falling apart. we ended up returning it for a refund.  ', "a disclaimer:  the sheer gloriousness of this little player earned it the two stars, which is remarkable considering it broke.  i can't imagine how popular this is gonna be if they ever get it right.  this is a gorgeous little player, easy interface, great color screen, rich beautiful sound and works with windows media player.  however, i got the first one this past saturday, used it for 2 hours....saturday night it just wouldn't work at all, no matter what i did it wouldn't turn on, i did everything the troubleshooting guide told me to.  so i returned it sunday morning for a new one.  it worked beautifully sunday evening...played it for about an hour.  monday evening, i left the house, got in the car, tried to turn it on..same problem, just refused to turn on no matter what i did.  it's really a shame too, because i just adored it, it was so cute and sounded excellent, and i got photos on it and everything, and it was the size of a zippo lighter.  for 3 hours, i was the envy of my friends.  i returned it monday for the clunkier but seemingly more solid zen micro, and so far so good, but after reading some reviews i'm not too hopeful about that one either.  if this one messes up, i just may scrap the whole idea of ultra-portable music and stick to cd's.  i would suggest you wait two years to buy an mp3 player...wait till they've figured out how to make ones that work right.  ", 'i never had to use customer support, that\'s why it gets four stars. wow i have owned this wonderful toy for a year never had a problem with. i have dropped it! it rebooted and rebuilt the library. it does so much. records, records your favorite radio programs too. (think felix hernandez) keeps data and photos (no video) create play lists whatever suits your mood. it\'s like walking around with your own theme music. an equalizer, choose your list random or planned. play all or play some. adjust the volume. oh and another thing get your own headphones. creative gives you an excellent product then gives you really cheap ear phones. but if your thinking of buying this at 8gb think twice and get more than 3 times as much space for the same price.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ea8u12/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/105-6104787-0678023">creative zen sleek photo 20 gb multimedia player (aluminum/white)</a> same price but get more, more more! a  little larger, same functions but at 20gb you\'ll lose your mind and make extensive use of amazon\'s very varied music library.  ', 'as a senior citizen i may be the oldest person to have purchased this ipod. i love it for walking and listen to workout and dance music as i walk. it\'s easy to download the music from my imac. and its so easy to use. all i can say is "cool"    ', "i bought my av500 in may from amazon.  it worked well until early july when the external sound from the built in speakers went out on the unit.  i called archos technical support. they told me it was a hardware problem, that i would need to send it back for repair and that they would email me an rma with return instructions in two days. two weeks and multiple emails and phone calls later, i still don't have an rma with instructions on how to send the unit back for repair.  archos keeps telling me how sorry they are for the inconvenience and that they are continuing to look into why the warehouse hasn't contacted me. customer returns are a routine function of most businesses.  there is no justifiable reason why a customer should be kept waiting over two weeks and counting just to get instructions on how to make a return.  this is the first and last archos product i will buy.  customer support is a critical component in selling a complex and expensive product like the av500.  in my opinion, archos' customer service is essentially non-existent.  given archos' demonstrated lack of customer service, i am now concerned that if i ever do get the chance to send the unit back for repair, i will never see it again.  archos could learn a few things from amazon which has the best customer service i have ever seen. i buy a great deal from amazon even though they are often not the lowest priced precisely because of their great customer service.    the picture and video quality of the archos are excellent.  however, i found the dedicated a/v cables too short to easily connect to the tv.  recording video on the av500 is not a simple process for people who are not technologically sophisticated. the instructions for recording off the tv are not helpful unless you have the exact hardware setup described in the written and video instructions archos provides.    ", 'be warned that this is a long review.   i really would like to write a good review about this player, but that cannot be the case.  techdog and i had very similar issues with this player.  i had been looking for an mp3 player/photo storage for quite some time.  i will be going on a trip and needed somewhere to store my photos until i get back.  i had been looking at the sony vgf-ap1l but did not want to spend 450$ right away.  plus i could not look or touch the device until i bought it because i am unable to find it in a store.  so this past sunday, a friend pointed out this player for a nice 300$ and it acted as a host device for external media.  my first reaction was not great since i am not a big fan of samsung and it was only 20gig (i wanted at least 40) but i thought i should at least check it out.   i went to bbuy to take a look at it and man it blew me away.  the functionality of it was great.  it was so easy to get around that i didn\'t have to think about how to use the device.  i sat in the store for a good hour playing with it and making sure that it\'s what i wanted.    so i went to the friend\'s house to test out the host portion of the player since that is the true reason for getting this.  this is where the trouble started.  i took everything out of the box and hooked up the power and the usb to a little 64mb flash drive.  i was unable to get anything on the screen.  the player would act like it was accessing the flash drive but nothing.  the flash drive only requires 100ma so there should not be a problem with power.  i figured that i would give it a little while to charge and maybe that would work.  after letting it sit for about an hour, i tried it again, nothing.  i then read the directions and in them i was able to see pictures to make sure i was doing it right.  i tried this on and off for about another hour.  i tried different flash drives, printers and hard drives.  still i was unable to get this function to work.   i decided to go home and try out the mp3 portion of the player so i can have something that works right on the thing before i get irritated and decide to take it back.  when i got home, i was surprised to see a napster cd as the box had nothing on it relating that product to this software.  i assumed (first mistake) that samsung wrote its own software to interface with the device, wrong.  i installed everything possible with the exception of the napster software because i figured i would not need this.    after installing everything, i hooked up the samsung to the computer and it came up like a champ.  i thought this was great.  i couldn\'t wait to transfer some stuff over and start listening to the mp3s.  i located the storage for the music and transferred some mp3s over to listen to them.  i then saw the photo directory and thought i would transfer over a few of those as well to see the quality.    i unhooked the device safely and it did its somewhat slow but tolerable boot up.  i then went to the library... my files were not there that i just uploaded.  i thought no big deal, maybe the software that comes with it will help me out.  negative.  i tried "syncing" the drive up with w10 with no luck.  my stuff would not show up no matter what.  i finally took out the book and started to read.  they had a large section for napster and i figured i would install this since it seems i could transfer with that.  i was able to install napster and when i started it, it asked me to "sign up".  i just x\'d it out and continued on.    i saw the option to add to my library, ding, "you must be signed on to napster to use this feature".  w t f!.  samsung is going to force me to signup with napster to transfer songs to a device i just paid 320$ for?  this cant be right and so i tried many different ways to get this to work, nothing.  i decided to do some googling to find out what i could about the device.  what do you know... seems like there are a lot more people in the same boat.  this was the last straw for me and i returned it the very next day.   it took me less than 24 hours to return this piece of crap.    don\'t get me wrong, the device itself seems to work great, when it works.  i am sure that if i had signed up for napster as i was forced to, the drive might actually work properly.  however, i don\'t like being forced into something when i just paid 320$ to use it.  i still read problems where people could not transfer their own music over through napster and had to "verify" it through napster but don\'t hold me to that.    anyhow, i do believe that after a couple firmware upgrades that this product might actually be worth the money but as of right now it isn\'t worth the tp i use.  i have already ordered the archos gmini 400 for 322$ and it does everything that this player does and also plays divx videos.  i also can directly plug in a compactflash card or get an adaptor for other camera type storage.  i am hoping to have a better experience with the archos than i did with the samsung.    ', "just got this for christmas.  so far it's been great.  haven't had any major issues with it, even what others have stated. here are some things that people might not like about it:  you have to use windows media player to add or delete songs from it.  it's not drag and drop like some of the other players i've seen. the software that comes with it(other then the drivers) is like a demo and tends to lock up plus it keeps asking if i want to 'buy' the full version of it everytime i open it. very annoying, so i just use media player which works just fine. yes, the plastic clip seems very flimsy, but if you use the arm band, i think it is more then adequate for that.  the buttons, at first, seemed difficult to activate, but as i have been using it that has gotten better.    the earbuds are nice and have good sound. the battery included with the player is a very good long life alkaline.  over all, i like the player. it was given to me as a gift.  the only thing different i would have like it to have an sd card slot to expand the memory, but then i haven't been able to use up all the memory it currently has!  ", 'after using the yp-t9 for about 7 months, the battary would no longer accept a charge. called samsung for help and they asked for the serial #. unfortunately the # is on a small label on the back of the unit, where it will easily wear off! no #, no warranty! they told me i could send it in and pay about $120 + shipping out of my own pocket to fix the problem. gee, the unit itself only cost about $100. i also have one of their 50" widescreen dlp tvs and when i had a problem with hooking it up to my dvr using a hdmi cable, they immediatly blamed the problem on the dvr and told me to just use one of the other types of input cable. the hdmi input capability was one of the reasons i bought this unit! they just don\'t seem to want to stand behind their products and honor their warranties!!!   ', 'itunes and the ipod are no match for the napster service and the samsung napster player. napster and its player has more features and more music to chose from. go to a bestbuy and compare the two products. ipod is lame compared to the napster player  ', 'well, im gonna start off by sayin that this mp3 player is absolutely amazing. it has a color screen, touch sensative pad, and the instalation software is incredibly easy. it could display photos, and has a voice and fm radio recorder. and ofcoarse it has its own fm radio tuner, which has a pretty damn good reciever. the only flaws that i have seen with it is that it is very prone to finger prints makin it very had 2 keep all shiny but its easy to clean, and the seperate carryin case eliminates that problem. the only other problem is that seenin as though it is a relatively new product, there are not many accessories for it.  ', "i'm not a careless teenager, but a 59 years old cautios and fastidious person. still my ipod turned out to be rather short-lived. may be it's how it should be for a made in china gadget.  ", 'i wanted an mp3 player for working out and running. i am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one. what i read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome: countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems. so i picked up a memorex biomorph (i liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months. (i "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn\'t help.) i went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost. and i set out to read all the reviews i could before buying another mp3 player. i read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the creative muvo series.   my requirements: driverless flash drive [i use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and i want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends\' computers, mac or pc, and share files/music], arm band for working out, fm radio, small and light [so a aaa battery model, not aa], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable). microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   the muvo series fit the bill. i wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it\'s mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music. i came close to buying the muvo slim, because i loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by usb, and i think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so i went for the muvo n200 ("micro").   so far the unit has really impressed me. the memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge. the muvo micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material. it has a well-sewn extra place to secure the muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch. the memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the biomorph, while the muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the muvo slips into. it\'s pretty cool: clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce). in addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible: i.e. it\'s not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons). the buttons are well laid out, too. even after four months, i always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the memorex. the muvo makes more sense. for example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen. the volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins: so it\'s easy to make second nature. the play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don\'t accidentally hit that. overall, a very good layout.   the lcd screen is small, but it\'s sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc. as others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn\'t bother me.   the menus make a lot of sense. one very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down. this way you can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it. it\'s those little things that i was happy creative thought of.   another thing: i was quite surprised that the memorex didn\'t get very loud. i usually had the volume on maximum. the muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so i can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.   the earbuds which came with the memorex were painful and were garbage, but the creative earbuds are actually pretty good. i did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so i\'ll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which i prefer. but i was still pleased with the quality of the creative earbuds: e.g. they don\'t hurt.   the usb 2.0 cable that comes with the muvo is a small-standard usb cable, which means that it\'s the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices. this means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means i can just share the cable i use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.   i haven\'t tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable. i also plan on trying some rechargeable batteries.  when i do, i\'ll revise the review.   one final recommendation: i do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out. i saw a picture of a sandisk i was considering, and it looked small, but when i saw it in person, it was huge compared to the micro.   ', 'i bought the 60gb version of this mp3 player multiple years ago. and i never use it. why? the interfacing is ridiculous. you cannot easily make playlists on the fly. it is frustrating to get to the music you want to, and half the time i end up settling for some band in the a\'s or b\'s, because getting to the l\'s or t\'s is such a pain. another huge annoyance is that artists names such as "the pietasters" all show up under the t\'s. i would just turn it into a large equivalent of the ipod shuffle (and just have 4 or 5 star songs on it), if getting the gigabeat to work properly with the computer weren\'t such a pain.  previous to this mp3 player i had a 40gb creative that i used obsessively. i miss it terribly.  ', 'this player looks cooler than the sansa series, and seems to crash/have errors less, but:  - it lacks a lock button - the display only shows the song title and track time and battery life (the sansas show much more info) - the "wheel button" feels cheesy like it could break and doesn\'t make control any easier - the headphones are more uncomfortable and fall out for me (i think they are too big, and i have a big head)  overall, i\'d say it has a much better value than an ipod, but about the same value as the sansas.  ', 'had a problem with the device and and to return it. i no time i recieved correspondence from them and told me how to return the item. i received a brand new one and it returned to old one free of cost. the new item now works great. thank you very much for your excellent service and product.  ', 'i purchased the gigabeat after reading the reviews about this unit being the "ipod killer". first, what i don\'t like about the unit. the battery, the battery, the battery! if apple can make a battery life on the ipod that last 20 hours, why can\'t other manufacturers?  the first week i got the gigabeat the battery lasted 5 hours, then 4, then 2. now it doesn\'t turn on. i had to send back to toshiba for repair. i am not happy. where are the accessories? how can you beat the ipod without accessories? price - if you want to beat the king you have to be better than the king especially in price.  in operations. if you are not careful you can delete all the music on the player.   now here is the good: the unit sounds great, nice size screen, works well with media player, easy to use.   the bottom line: this is not an "ipod killer". i should have gotten an ipod!!  ', 'once again, sony has designed a great product with incredible functionality only to severely cripple it with over the top digital rights management. i bought this unit to transfer legally purchased mp3 files (that do play on my ipod) only to find out that they "cannot play". sony tech support indicates that the hardware will not allow mp3\'s to play if the drm cannot be ascertained - i sent them one of the files and they couldn\'t figure out why it wouldn\'t work either. it does do some things exceptionally well, such as play music, has fairly simple controls, great battery life and takes disposable batteries as well as a rudimentary but functional display that lights up to make it easier to see at night. it also holds a lot of songs as sony indicates in their literature. unfortunately, it does require that you use the sony supplied software to transfer songs into it - and the sonic stage software is nowhere as user friendly as the apple itunes software.   ', 'so i was the first kid on the floor with the ipod nano, i ordered one from mac the monday of release.  it arrives, we all ooooh and ahhhhh i take it home and charge it for the night wake up at 5:30, fully charged battery, put it on and get on with my day, by 10 am the battery had died crap!  i call up mac and they want to repair this one i say hell no!  i just bought it, i am not sending this back for you to refurbish it, i want a new one, and you screwed up my inscription, too.....  so i am getting ready to mail this back, when i charge the  battert one more time, all night charge, fresh in the am  this time, it stayed on from 7:30, when i started to use it until 1:26pm, an hour ago, my nano died from poor battery power.  watch out when you get these, i am going to return this and hope i get a better one, if i get another poor battery, i am going to get a freaking refund, this is bogus  mac should know better than to release a product that is crap  :/  ', 'creative labs nomad ii mp3 player. do not buy this product! i initially bought this unit because it had &quot;name&quot; &amp; several good reviews.  you can imagine my dissatisfaction when the actual product arrived &amp; did not live up to expectations. ok, the first nomad unit that i received was a total failure. nothing worked. the rechargeable batteries could not be recharged, the &quot;docking station&quot; was &quot;fubar,&quot; and the player simply did not work. ok. trust the company.  send the unit back &amp; get a new one. did that. got a new unit. guess what? worked for four hours &amp; then stopped, shut down, quit, for no identifiable reason. frustration. conclusion. do not buy this product. for whatever reason, design, quality control, whatever, this product is fubar.  it is totally unreliable! do not buy it! do not waste your money!  ', "yes, the color screen is great, but.... it's embarrasingly large, and even heavier. the ear buds won't stay in your ears and it didn't come with a protective carrier or clip of any sort. no fm, no voice recording. for the money, i think there are better picks out there.  ", "i purchased one of these refurbished rio players as an introduction to protable mp3 - i loved this thing for the first ccouple of months - great sound, ample storage, nice interface.  then it started to fall apart - first the volume dial got stuck, then the buttons stopped responding.  the 'push and turn' style of the volume knob is a very poor design that doesn't work and is prone to breakage. don't be inticed by the low price and ample storage - this thing won't last more than a few months, and there are lots of better options out there now as every consumer electronics manufacturer has jumped into this market.   ", '... then this might intrigue you greatly.  the hook with this mp3 player, distinguishing it from the others, is clearly going to be the os applications it provides.  finally, someone has figured out that building some smarts into the player will help it compete with ipods.  the latest craze for mp3 manufacturers is the 5gb microdrive, a 25% boost from the 4gb ones supplied by hitachi.  at this point, the rio carbon is 5gb (along with a host of south korean manufacturers), and eventually the ipod will get a "free" upgrade to 5gb as the 4gb trickle down to nothing.  then what?  what compels you to choose one over the other?  it has to be the ui and user experience.  the carbon is nice but offers no improvement to the near-perfect ipod experience.  the scroll wheel is not an apple innovation, but it took apple to put it on their mp3 player for the obvious to become clear to the industry.  so tack on a scroll wheel and... you still have to compete against the intuitive os-based application that an ipod offers the user.  it\'s easy to find songs, organize songs, and also carry some essentials and diversions.  the ipod gets it right, the carbon doesn\'t.  today, the creative zen micro proves it, too, gets it right.  better for the zen micro is outlook compatibility.  this makes the zen micro the first choice for mp3 owners with a windows-based system.  i\'m not professing to be a consumer-survey corporation, but i don\'t know *anyone* with an itunes account.  however, i do know about a dozen people with well over 4000 mp3s each.  what device would i recommend?  well, if size matters, and you like the idea of a lime-green or bright yellow device, then i\'d have to go with a creative zen micro.  creative has excellent music software, a very responsive tech support group (they are quick on firmware updates, and make them publicly available), and usually a good array of accessories.  the zen micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  the extra spare battery is just a neat bonus.  if i could, i\'d trade-up on my creative muvo2 and snag a zen micro tomorrow.  **** i gave up a ton of positive reviews to add this addendum.  i do not work for creative; i had a chance to play with a review copy in-depth, as others have (see engadget, gizmodo, or c|net as examples).  just because amazon doesn\'t have it to sell doesn\'t mean the product is unavailable for review.  please judge any review you read -- in any medium, be it here or newspapers or magazines -- by its own merits. ****  fred  ', "in short, cheap but not really good enough to overcome design limitations.  pros:  cheap.  funny monster on display.  separate volume buttons.  sd expansion slot.  cons:  no usb access.  needs media player to transfer files.  orders songs by mp3 tags.  hard to navigate songs.  display turns off after a few minutes so can't be read without pressing a button.  ", "i just purchased this player because the centon that i got for christmas turned out to be a disappointment.  but this player is light, easy to download, has good sound quality, and understandable controls.    if you want a basic mp3 player and don't need more than about 120 songs, this one is for you.  i used it to get some songs off a music website, and the rest were my favorite songs transferred from my extensive cd colletion to the player.  this makes workouts a lot more fun with only my favorite songs playing.  if, however, you want more extensive memory and do a lot recording, it would be best for you to keep looking.  ", 'we bought this mp3 player around christmas 2003. we did this at the "spur-of-the-moment", dropped $300 for it. we loaded the player with a lot of songs on it--and about two to three weeks later, we started having problems with it. the buttons came defective--they were hard to press, and didn\'t always function like they should have. the player often froze in the middle of a song--it just sat there, screen frozen, no button would do anything, nothing we could do except to let the battery run down and recharge.  [...]the new one (the second one we had) works much better than the one that replaced it, but still occasionally freezes in the middle of a song (but not as much as the old one did). we found that we could reset with a paperclip--but still somewhat annoying. this player is currently hooked up to our home stereo system, where it suits us fine--but the next thing we\'re buying will be an ipod!  ', "i was initially very excited about this product. it is very light weight and ostensibly ideal for runners. it's meant to be used by athletes. however, it has broken 3 times now, all when running. when i run with it, either outside or on the treadmill, it gives of electrical shocks! the first time, the shock was so strong that the whole player shorted out and i had to send it back to be fixed - it wouldn't play anymore! this was just one week after i got it. the second time, just the headphones got damages, but they had to be replaced, because no sound came through them anymore. this last time, the shock was so bad that half of the internal memory was wiped out, and it no longer supports the external memory card. i would not recommend this player to someone who is looking for something durable and reliable.  ", "this product isn't all that it advertises to be.  first, i agree with a couple other reviews regarding the software: it is awful.  to upload songs onto the player you first have to enter them in the software's database.  if you have a lot of songs you would like to choose from, this poses two problems; first you must load every song into the database, and second the database is a flat file system, there is no heirarchy between folders so all your songs just get listed in the order they were entered.<p>additionally, this unit is upgradable to 128 mb with an additional 64 mb chip, but what they don't tell you is that they are having problems with the sandisk and lixar brands.  so if you do purchase this item and wish to upgrade to 128 mb, avoid those brands or you will be stuck with an extra chip like me.  their techinical support says that they are currently working on a fix but have no eta (surprise).  <p>this unit also eats batteries like crazy.  for such a small unit with few moving parts you would expect batteries to last a while, but they do not.<p>my overall advice would be to avoid this item.  ", "i couldn't get this product working with protected wma files. i interacted with online support for about 2 weeks via email (live support only 9am-6pm central m-f, right when i'm working). some of the steps: upgraded fw, upgrade windows media player 10 with updates, upgraded to windows media player 11, reformatted, and reset to name a few. protected files always get a playback error at the end of the song and eventually hang. i returned the unit to creative and they sent me a new one, it had the same issue. i'm returning to amazon for a refund and look for a more reliable player. by the way, the songs playback on the pc, my wife & son's mp3 players, so i don't think the files (or transfer mechanism) are the issue.  too bad, nice form factor and screen seemed to have decent resolution.  ", "i really like this iriver h10 mp3 player/recorder.  it's so convenience for me when i have recorded my lectures everyday and until now i still go online searching for promotion from amazon.com to buy the other one.  i hope that everybody who buy stuff from amazon.com always get same nice and convenience customer service as i did.      i look forward to get more interested stuff from amazon.com  ", 'for the first month i had it this thing was great. but then when i dropped it on my bed it wouldnt play right. every 3 seconds it went on and off, on and off. get something better.  ', 'the 20gb photo ipod uses a superb audio computer chip that surpasses the current ipod classic model and previous ipod video models.  the bottom line is that i previously owned  the 5th generation 30gb video for 18 months. i replaced it with the 4th generation 20gb photo ipod it sounds better in my car and on my bose digital sound dock. i purchase an mp3 player for sound quality not looks. hopefully apple will improve the audio computer chip for the current ipod models. until then if you want cd quality sound you cannot go wrong with the 4th generation 20gb photo ipod.  ', "i am a bit baffles by some of the negative reviews (especially the one that said the digital camera in the device sucked. it doesn't have one!). the only negative that i can say about this device is that it is slow to boot up when you turn it on, and slow to shut down. the display is vibrant, intensely colorful, and clear. volume is easy to adjust and the menu system couldn't be much simpler. i had figured out all the operations and menu system 5 minutes after it came out of the box (without using the manual). sound quality is sharp and clear, and volume leels are excellent. transferring songs and photos is a breeze. the unit is sleek and feels good in the hand. the satin aluminum case surrounds a solidly-built device. overall, i am very pleased with the player.  ", 'equals no sale. closed system that excludes me is more "proprietary" than itunes/ipod combo. you are not forced to use itunes to use your ipod, any cd can be ripped to it. you are not forced to use a particular os for your computer either, with an ipod. not so with this wanna-be. zen-casting? give me a break!  no zero star option available  ', 'i currently own this product and in a few mins i am ordering another one!!  we had 2 "other" brands prior to the sony...this is my far the best!!  its lightweight...small (like an oreo cookie) only uses one battery that lasts forever!! and its easy to use!  it most certainly downloads music off the internet, you don\'t have to download only from the disk!!!  i uses ares for my music...no problems! perhaps those who cannot read the manual should ask a kid to do it for them.  not to be mean, it\'s just that my kid was the one who figured out how to do it!  lol.  for the price its perfect!! its user friendly!  highly recommend for the kids......its a tuff little bugger!!! be careful because a lot of mp3\'s out there do not take music off the internet...but this one does!  who needs an ipod???  besides people think ipods are so wonderful (huh) that people get beat up for them....ugh..duh!  play it safe and get a sony psyc!!!!  ', 'i got this mp3 player on my birthday and was a little dissapointed because it wasnt and ipod, well was i wrong! this player is very small easy to fit into any pocket. the sound is utterly amazing. my bro has an ipod and it is nice and all but it is bulky compared to this. i listen to this before i go to bed and it puts me to sleep great. i think if your wanting a radio, voice recorder, great sound and many other things, no doubt this is for you!  ', "excellent little player. easy to transfer songs or even data and pics. great sound. very small and light weight. fm tuner is great. i'm glad i picked this one.   ", 'i have been using that mp3 player for 5 months, and i love it so much. it looks neat and the sound quality is very awesome. the only thing that bugs me is that it does not have a search option to search for the songs. you have to go through 100 songs to to find a specific song that you want to listen. other than that, it is pretty cool.   ', 'plan to spend a few hours with the manual when you get this one...but after that its easy to use and reliable. the selling  feature for me was the built in fm tuner...to listen to tv at the gym. for all its features - both on the player and the computer interface - its a good price for all you get.  ', 'well i m a big fan of sony and sony has proved it is the best my making such a stylish and flexible mp3 player bean.its very lovely.and sony music format atrac3plus provides good sound quality and smooth music than mp3.i have encoded my songs to 64kbps and even 48kbps  u can feel a bit difference at 48kbps just slight but at 64kbps u cant differenciate the sound difference and mine has hold 305 songs at 64kbps hm still i have many space for my songs hm most probably 200 songs i can load but i dont have time to.well still i have 300mb plus free space and also it can hold data files also.hm sony has never compramised on the soundquality it is heavy in bass and also good in treble.the feautre why i ask for it is that its battery is unbeatable as compare to others.u will get tired but it wont.just intially charge it for 2 hrs or less untill full then all the time it will charge in 3 mins.which is quiet amazing if u use supersave mode then u r battery will last for ever.hm onc thing that i wish it should have that sound equlizer should be in fm too.well it is flash memory based and is quiet fast and easy to acess then others.it has a display orientation to handle it in right or left hand.well the sound quality amazing battery stamina unbelievable unstopped music hole day.and sonicstage software is very easy just searching of tracks in the software is bit difficult and conversion takses a little time.but u can put more music in it.u can put 35hrs of music in it at 64kbps and 45hrs on 48kbps.hm it is unbelievable so the choice is yours.well i dont compromise on soundquality and it is very difficult to find the difference between the 128kbps mp3 and atrac3 plus at 64kbps i would say that sony digital format is very compatible even u can play ur atrac3plus music files with windows media player.what else u want go and get one for u r self and usb is also not frimsy neither it is breakable mine i have to hang it with my usb and it stays.hanging its made in malaysia i love it in pink.best mp3 player ever.one more feautere which i forget to write is avls system which is sony best system which prevents u from hearing damage to u r hears by limitting the max volume.sony is simply the best no one like sony bean is awesome bcoz its made by sony in short bean is pack with the power of sony multimedia in a very elegant and fashionable style.well a thing which i meantion to tell is that its shuffle really moves u by playing the tracks which u have ever wanted to listen automatically it really rocks.well the sonicstage is no problem its quiet easy but u should have a sound knowledge u should read manual.hm still if u cant figure out then u can live chat with sony customer support without the need of call hm they are there to help u wich they helped me alot.hm nice customer support.  ', "i have one of these, and i am on my 3rd time trying to get it fixed. the hard drive has issues. first one locked up completely no warning. the replacement, stopped playing, then the replacement for the replacement right out of the box from creative wouldn't even power up and i can't even get them to send me a replacement for the one that was bad that they sent to me.  on a good note. i can say that once u figure out how the software works it is a very good player to have. lots of songs held, but when it crashes better have backups cause u r going to lose everything.   ", "when it works, it works beautifully, unfortunately the older it gets the less it works, at least that's what happened to me.  mine lasted one year.  it was incredibly buggy and crashed out frequently from day one  (preinstalled versamail was the biggest culprit).  it takes about two to three minutes to reboot every time it crashes out on you, and after a while i just hoped that it would turn on after a crash.  i installed iambic's agendus, which i've used various versions of since my newton and the lifedrive didn't like it at all.  it crashed and rebooted left and right because of it.  the internet browser has a bug that doesn't allow you to download anything like patches.  you'll get an error message saying that your harddisk or card is full.  the last i heard the lifedrive has been discontinued and there are no plans of a v.o 2.0.  which is a shame really, as they had the makings of a nice piece of equipment had they worked on it a little more.   ", 'the portable mp3 meets all my requirements, such as awesome quality recording , large capacity, radio. i love it and bought extra one as a birthday gift to my friend.  ', "nice design, good sound, and decent interface.   pros: lightweight holds a surprising amount of music feels like it could take a beating pocketsized  cons: finger print laden sonicstage software is horrible to use with vista (not much better with xp) no accessories available display was hard to read no expansion slot  i really would love to say how great this is but the software doesn't work, at all on vista! sonicstage is the only program you're able to use to transfer your music with, no drag and drop. after a week of trying to make software work, i boxed it up and exchanged it for a sansa 250e. the sansa was $30 more and will aloow you to drag and drop files with no software required.  sorry sony you screwed up, you should know better than this!  ", 'first, let me start by saying that i am a picky guy.  i send stuff back all the time if something is not what i expected or how it was advertised.  i am keeping the zen vision.  i am glad that i decided to ignore the "crappy screen" comments.  i did a lot of comparion shopping before deciding on the zen vision.  creative is a solid company and i have never been disappointed with their support in the past.   first impressions the screen is excellent.  it\'s bright, vibrant and a joy to look at.  it is true that if you slant the thing off to the right more than a few inches or to the left a little more, the screen is more difficult to see.  imho you have to be trying to find the angle that doesn\'t work.  normal viewing is no problem at all.  have not had a real problem with the small-ish navigation keys, although i have hit the &lt;ok> (enter) center button occasioanlly while navigating. big fingers, small buttons,  natural enemies.  pros the sound is great (what else would you expect from creative?).  menus are intuitive.  pc software does what you need quite easily. usb 2.0 transfer is blazing fast.  included soft case (bag) is thoughtful. included av cables are great.  cons connecting av cables disables screen.  good in most cases, but when i tried to play through cd system using headphone jack and did not have enough audio level.  when i then used the av cables the screen blanked and i could not see what i was doing.  maybe i am missing something?  so far after 1 week, i have not found anything else i did not like and do not expect to.  everyone i have showed it to thinks it is very cool and better than any ipod out now.  summary if you are in the market for a portable media player with video i can\'t imagine finding a better player, especially considering the price.  enjoy!  ', "- can't use it play 80% of the mp3 files on my hard disk. - its a real pain to get any file on to the device - no support whatsoever for unicode file names  now i use it mainly as a storage device. mp3 player? forget it.  sony has completely ruined its reputation.  ", "i love everything about this little mp3. its my first ipod, so far so good. my only issue is that when i download a live set or dj mixed cd from itunes, when i listen to it in my ipod there are gaps between songs. a little help with this? i'll appreciate it!   ", 'we got one of these recently and have been using it for several weeks. nice features include  - small and lightweight -- easy to carry around with you  - displays album cover art in the little lcd screen.  - compatible with yahoo music.  it has "frozen up" at least once. when that happened, i just took out a paperclip and pushed a little reset button inside the player.  overall, this seems to be a good option to go with, considering the price and the features you get.  ', 'in short, the product looks nice and has a cool looking menu with pleasantly futuristic sounds the beep as you navigate throughout. this however is the product\'s only redeeming feature.  i read some skeptical reviews on my blackberry before making the final purchase, but i figured all the bugs i read about were probably infrequent and would not happen to me.  the problem most likely originates from the proprietary software, included in order to sync up your media with the player. at first glance, it looks simple and easier to use than itunes. while itunes can be a pain to work with, at the end of the day it works, which is more than i can say about samsung\'s software.  after adding media to your library, you drag it onto the player, simple enough, except however if you attempt to bring over too many files at a time, the software shuts itself down, refuses to restart, meanwhile the unit itself continues to beam "transferring files, do not unplug" although it is actually doing nothing.   all you can do now is it unplug the unit and reset it. attempting to simply power the product off or back on again does not work, and there are no instructions (naturally) with what to do in this case. i managed to figured out on my own how to reset the unit, by pressing the 4 side buttons simultaneously.  at this time the unit restarts itself, with the media you have loaded ready to enjoy! however, you can not add any additional media because now the software (right along with windows itself) no longer recognizes the unit (most likely due to a corrupt file caused by having to reboot the unit or by the bogus software shutting itself off).  i had the pleasure of repeating this process 3 times before i did my blood pressure a favor and returned it to the store.   at the end of the day (literally), i wasted hours trying to load this player with 1gb or so of music without success.  i was initially attracted to the products by its slick exterior and the marketing material behind the product at best buy listing it\'s additional features (video, picture & text viewer, voice recorder, etc). i didn\'t have the opportunity to sample it in store because the display unit at best buy did not work, which would prove to be clever foreshadowing.  ', "if you are impatient and can't read the following...long story short...this product is of terrible quality and is cheaply made.  i had researched both this product and the creative zen 16 gig player throughly prior to purchase and decided on the sansa view because of its better sd card integration, superior battery life, compatibility, and user interface.  however when i received my product i immediately notice that the face plate was off center and there was a prominent overhang of a few millimeters that over time would most definitely result in the faceplate coming off the unit.  i called sandisk and they gave me difficulty with an rma so i decided to exchange it at bestbuy.  bestbuy, to my complete suprise, was actually very helpful exchanging the product and opening it up to ensure that i would be satisfied with the new one.  when they opened the box however we found that there was an actual crack running along the faceplate seal and you could see into the player.  because that product was unsellable they opened up yet another sansa view.  this time the faceplate was more or less centered but again it had a visible crack.  although this crack was smaller it most certainly will grow over time until it splits open.  clearly this is a quality issue on sandisk's part as three out of three units had obvious defects.  now i'm stuck with a unit that is going to break open in a matter of months.  keep in mind sandisk doesn't cover cracks in the faceplate because they will claim it is due to normal wear and tear.  bottom line:  great potential as a product, terrible quality, don't expect it to last, buy at your own risk.  ", 'i have had this player for four months and i am an audiophile and i have had most of the different players for music except minidisk.  this player is outstading.  not only does it have unbelievable and unsurpassable sound quality, it also is very functional.  the 13000 song capacity is great however none of us will ever use all that space.  i find that the extra space is nice because you dont have to worry about if u have enough space.  now to discuss the software.  i have used the orginal sonic stage and found it quite confusing, however the version which ships with the hd3 is superb, most things are tabbed or dropdowns, and very easy to navigate.  if someone thinks the software is hard to use, then they must be completely inexperianced with computers.  i find it uinbebleiavablhy easy to  navigate.  now this is a real mp3 player, not a fake like the ipod.  the thirty hour battery claim is pretty accurate (honestly  who can use an 8 hour charge?).  this player has much better sound quality and is easier to use.  i did alot of research before buying this expensive peice of equipment (i got it when it just came out).  the specs are much better than anything out there.  you will not regret this purchase  ', "after toying with the controls and familarizing myself with this mp3, i was amazed that everything works as discribed on specs. i wished that i would have ordered two at the price i have gotten it at. the was only one down side to this product, while play with it the display went blank on me, maybe it was my pressing to many buttons at the same time.  i'll hold off on sending it back for replacement for a few days, to see if it happens again.    ", "overview: the device feels very well manufactured and looks fantastic (web pictures just do not do it justice).  perspective: i have been waiting for the rumored video ipod to be released (the one with the large display), but my patients ran out.  we are an ipod and itunes family - my wife and daughter both have ipods.    pros: 1. the display is awesome - very clear, sharp and bright.  to test the display, i brought the device with me to my daughter's soccer game and watched a movie...i was surprised that the glare from the sun did not wash out the display. 2. i still use itunes to buy and listen to music on my pc; however, i use media player 10 to synch everything to my archos.  i simply set media player up to monitor my itunes directory.  synch can be set up to happen automatically and i was surprised how easy to use it was (this isn't and archos issue, but a selling point none the less).  once songs are transferred, archos uses the data in the song files to automatically organize them by artist, album, genre, year, etc...  one item to note for itunes users: i do not store the songs i buy from itunes in their proprietary format (i use mp3), which makes the synch to archos much easier. 3. pictures and the little movies made with digital cameras come across seamlessly. 4. movies stored on the archos can be watched on tv by using the included adapters.  i was very surprised at the high quality of the movies when viewed on the tv.  a 600 mb movie played with tv quality results.  the movies have a dvd quality when viewed on the archos directly.  cons: 1. user interface: the user interface is not very intuitive to perform some pretty basic tasks, like moving files.  this is not a big deal as you get use to it, but it is a bad design.  this did not impact my review score. 2. play lists have to be rebuilt on the device - they do not sync. this again is not an issue for me, but probably will be for some users.  this did not impact my review score. 3. you cannot listen to music while you are browsing the menu.  this is irritating and did impact the review score.  additional notes:  1. moving home movies over is easy, but backing up dvds will be more difficult because of the encryption used. 2. i have not yet tried to use the dvr capabilities, but the scheduler looks pretty straight forward.  overall this is truly a great device, one of the best technology purchases i have made and i have no regrets about not waiting for the video ipod.      ", "i originally bought this because of the styling and the price difference between this model and other companies' mp3 players. it has been nothing but a waste of time and money. the battery life was fine during the first cycle and after four subsequent recharges ended up lasting no more than a few minutes. i sent it in for service. they charged it and sent it back to me. the same problem started happening again. the company refused to send me a new model or give me a refund. instead, i had to ship it back to samsung for yet another go at fixing it. like the first time, they charged the battery and sent it back to me (after six weeks!). i received it yesterday, and only half of the battery is left after turning it on for the first time. the company also erased all of my music and picture files. i just called customer service, and the office is closed. what company does not offer 24 hour customer assistance? overall, i do not recommend the yp-z5 model, and i don't think i will buy samsung products again.   ", "do not buy this product!  ignore the 5-star rating - that's from a few months ago.  immediately after receiving this, i wrote a great review when it was working...  however, once the warranty ran out, the product stopped working!  with fresh new batteries, the player will not even turn on anymore - the screen flashes the logo and starts to turn on then shuts off after a split second.  occasionally if i hold the power button for about 10 minutes, it will finally turn on, but then if i'm listening to music and go to adjust the volume or skip to another song - any button i touch, turns it off and then it will not turn back on.  of course since companies don't care about the customer anymore, most companies, including creative, don't back their product after 90 days, which turns out to be about the life span of this product.  if you don't mind paying $70 for a disposable mp3 player that will only last three months, go ahead, but if you are looking for something that will last longer than three months, look elsewhere.  ", 'we bought the 30 gb version and we love it.  - the screen is small but clear and sharp. go to an apple store and see it first to make sure you\'re cool with it.  - the audio is excellent.  - it is very stylish. the 30 gb version is thin and convenient and holds a lot.  - it is very easy to use. itunes is a breeze to use (we have a pc).  - chinese characters show up just fine in the ipod text.  - we bought quicktime pro ($30) because it was the most convenient software i found for converting video to the ipod format. videora converter is free and useful for getting video into the h264 format, but i found i needed quicktime pro to get it to the final correct ipod format. the final conversion is very, very slow.  - it comes with a reasonable case, but i\'m hoping for an after-market case to hold it and the headphones. ideally there would be one that would protect the screen and let you view it clearly. in general, we\'re just very careful.  - it comes with a cable to hook to usb 2.0. early usb version apparently may not supply enough power to recharge the ipod.  - the lithium ion battery charges up to 80% really quickly (less than 3 hours from dead zero), and then trickle charges to 100%. the battery may be recharged at any time w/o risk of "memory" like a nickel cadmium battery.  - playing music, a full battery is supposed to last about 14 hours. playing video it lasts a lot less. i would estimate about 3 to 4 hours on a full charge.  - replacing the battery currently means sending the entire ipod back to apple and getting a new/refurbished one. see the apple web site for details.  - i saw a review about it hanging on the language selection screen right out of the box. ours did, too, but i just followed the instructions on resetting it. no problems since.   ', "it looks great, it sounds great, it has go-anywhere-but-in-the-water practicality. but there is no longer any excuse for apple to make ipods that scratch as soon as you get them out of the box. there are now clear, scratch-proof coatings, such as the durabis polymer tdk has invented for blank dvds, and apple should be using them. ipods would keep their cool factor for a lot longer if they didn't get scratched up so quickly. early reports suggest that the battery life meets the product specs, but it is important to keep an eye on this since apple is not famous for being forthcoming about battery performance. ipod battery life has never been impressive at its best.  ", "i am absolutley delighted with this player. the color screen makes the player fun... otherwise no advantage over monochrome. love the fact that you can create multiple playlists on the player itself and name them for future recall. just love the way the menu structure works... takes a little figuring out at first, but not difficult and gives you so much more control over the player. fm radio is a nice plus when you just want something different. battery life is more than acceptable and the battery is replaceable, so you can always carry a spare when you take that 17 hour flight to sidney!! very nice construction and i very much like the size... rests very comfortably in your hand... the nano is too small for me. the full size ipod is too big for my use. don't hesitate... you will end up loving this player. hey, the 8gb is sooo.. nice. oh, and one more thing... you can just drag and drop your mp3 files via windows explorer to the player... my favorite method... so easy... also, when you touch a control the player lights up in a very pleasant blue color... again fun... just like your music!  ", "i was wondering whether i am the only one suffering this problem: the software comes with this player won't match up with my compaq desktop -- it crashed my computer several times and i had to give up by putting it up for sale.  both compaq and d-link pointed fingers to each other and won't help me. be aware if you also use compaq!  ", "i have this player for 5 months now & am looking already to replace it.  pros:i really liked the sound quality, fm transmitter and the battery life.  cons: 1)when a expansion sd card is used the mp3 player freezes upon start-up one out of five times. it then needs to be reset with a pin (it usually happens on the train when there's no pin  to be found. 2)you can't navigate the music files from the expansion slot to the actual players memory. you have to manually set the player if you want to select from the sd card or the players memory. 3)poor instructions in manual (pdf) included.  4)hard to navigate the button & options.  i never use the fm radio & voice recorder,    ", 'one of my friend got this coby 1gb mp3 player, the package and the player did say that it is a 1 gb player. but in the system it showed the total capacity as 459 mb. everyone knows that the capacity displayed is little less but not as much as >500 mb. we tried formatting the drive and making it fresh, but of no use. there are no cds, softwares, tools provided to diagnose the player.   we tried calling up the number in the package which said "call this number before considering returning the product" !! the person on the other side could not understand our problem, he kept telling us (threatening) about where we got our mp3s, drm stuff. crazy !! seems like he was reading from the papers provided to him. useless customer service. they said it, we returned the product that very moment.  do not buy anything coby. there are better mp3 players that are worth the buck you pay for.  ', "i'll keep it short.  (the review is for the 256mb version).  one word - annoying.  the fact that philips forced you to use the musicmatch software to load songs is very very annoying.  difficult to use.  and as another reviewed said, it doesn't resume.  once stopped, it goes back to the first song.  that't annoying too.  you'll be better off with just buying a cheap mp3 player and a separate powered mini speaker.  doesn't look as nice but at least it works fine! really regret buying the philips!!  ", 'worked pretty well for the first month except that there is no way that i could find to bookmark the books i was listening to.  at one month, though, the cheap belt-clip broke off while i was jogging.  so much for "sport digital..."  the clip is just a little tab of cheap plastic coming off the back of the unit, no spring clip like a cell phone would have, and it flexes a little bit every time you put it on or take it off of your belt.  after about 1 month of this, it broke completely off and fell on the ground while i was jogging.  i emailed rca to get them to replace it and they called the belt clip breaking "an act of nature" and said it voided the warranty.  a few weeks after the clip broke, the unit started displaying gibberish instead of the name of the song that was playing and the unit shuts down after about 30 seconds.  rca won\'t replace the unit due to the so-called "act of nature" so i am out of luck.  the unit was > $100 at the time and rca gives you the finger for buying their crappy product.    bad service + bad product + doesn\'t stand behind product = don\'t buy the pos.  ', "this mp3 player works great. i bought a 128mb smart media card for this and it can hold so much music now. i can get about 40 to 50 songs on here. the sound is perfect for what i need (mainly in class) and the batteries last fairly long. i personally bought rechargable batteries so i wouldn't have to worry about buying more all the time. i recharge the batteries while i sleep, just to be safe for the next long day at school. i would have opted for the dmp-120 with more memory, but i couldn't afford it. and since i got a 128mb smart media card for my birthday, i didn't miss the extra 32mb. another great thing about this is voice recording. i occasionally make notes to myself, or record parts of my professors lecture, or just the homework they assign. in any case i recommend this mp3 player for students like myself who are on a budget.  ", "i don't know what other people are talking about but i forgot mine on my truck's roof and drove down the road and didn't know till i heard it slide off at 50 mph. i stopped to look for it expecting it to be in peaces but it worked just fine. the only problem i do have is i had to glue the rubber cap on because the tape that held it on came off.  ", 'the new apple ipod with video playback brings a much anticipated facet of technology to the pocket portable world.  with the capability to playback crisp and vibrant video in both h.264 and mpeg-4 formats, the new ipod enables you to take your shows on the go.  matched with the new quicktime version, creating your own movies for play on the ipod is just as easy!  the new flat-faced, slender design not only brings a new asthetic quality to the orignal ipod line, but also brings it together with the recently released ipod nano.  the new, smaller scroll wheel, no longer sporting a rounded center button, fits the overall design much better as well.  the face of the new ipod features the same clear laminate coating that the ipod nano was treated to, serving to both protect the new 2.5" screen better and allow the ipod to be produced not only in the original white, but the new and decidedly appealing black.  the new 2.5" screen holds to the same apple quality most have come to expect.  clear, bright and easy to watch at nearly any angle.  while many compare this to the sony psp\'s larger screen, the two technologies serve decidedly different needs, and the ipod executes its purpose well with the design.  all in all, the new ipod is the same old great functionality and design with the ability for video added in.  the "icing on the cake" as steve jobs put it. [...]  ', "this player is so dull and boring. it's more for the super geek, no offense, that loves to spend time navigating thru many steps to get what u want. it's not very fun to use at all. it's like a computer expect but a bit more of a hassle to use because it does have the convenient of all the features of windows os. the only good thing worth mentioning is the screen. it's beautiful. everything else performed from average to poor. video playback was good. mp3 playback was fair and cumbersome to use.picture was pretty bad because it was slow at displaying thumbnails.  anyways here are the pros and cons:  pros: +screen wow (800 x 480), loved viewing pictures on this screen! +ability to view flash videos, but only sites that uses extension .flv and not .swf. this also means can't play flash games or interact with flash enable websites. wireless streaming of media from computer, it's works the first time i set it up then stopped., don't know why +wifi,  but the range is pretty bad and frequently dropped signal for no reason whatsoever  cons: -slow picture thumbnail view -slow slow slow everything -quite large isn't really pocket friendly -plays only certain videos, i must buy plugins in order to unlock the player to play other common video formats -broswer costs money($30), when its advertised was wifi -takes 8-12 hours to charge via usb, archos said that their docks charge a lot quicker(4-5 hours) , but you gotta buy it, of course. -nothing hip about this device, plain boring device that plays a whole bunch of video formats if you buy the plugins, and plays mp3 and photos. -no stylus holder, but you can put it in the carrying pouch -some photo can't be display. it said that it too large while that's not the problem because other photos are much larger in size and resolution got displayed.  overall, this is not a complete valueless device once you factor in the screen, storage and wifi and all the stuff it's capable of playing once you buy the plugins.  however, its problem is that none of those features are implemented successfully. none of those features perform like how you would expect them to. the other major flaw with this device is that the gui does not look very pleasing when you use it and everything seems so cluttered and slow on this device.  i would recommend this device to only the people to doesn't care about how things perform and just want to get the bare essentials of playing back various file formats on the device.  i would also recommend this for people who do nothing but watches movies on their portable device because of the beautiful screen. if you're looking for a music or photo player look somewhere else. this was a return for me. i really like the fact that this thing has wifi, which was one of the reasons i kept it for 2 weeks. i'm waiting for something better in the future and probably from another company b/c archos obviously has no customer support whatsoever and this player was obviously released prematurely by them.   ", "well, i got this little dude for my birthday and by gosh by golly, it worked well.  it still does, but i gave it back to the person who gave it me so they could upgrade me to a creative zen micro 5 gb.  they haven't filled up much if it, but they will ;-)  okay, so here's the scoop:  -dropped it on the sidewalk.  nothing happened! not even a scratch! -dropped it on the kitchen floor twice -dropped it on hard carpet  none of those did any damage whatsoever.  and okay, i wish i could use itunes with this, but oh well, sonicstage is okay and it compresses quite well.  the sound quality is great, but if you want it to be excellent, hold the play mode button so it turns to s1, then press it again.  s2 is the best.  also, you can put it on shuffle and stuff, which all of them could do, so i'll kinda count that out.  it is pretty cheap!  a 1 gb ipod nano, which holds less somehow, actually costs twice as much.    oh, and i love the battery life.  1 aaa battery lasts me about a month.  i like that better than charging my new one.  it's got a backlight.  nothing special, but convenient nonetheless!  last, but not least, it's tiny! and light!  i can't even tell it's in my pocket!  if you don't have a whole lot of music (25 cd's or so) this is perfect for you.  the space was adequate for about 9 months, and it was a good 9 months.  ", 'i bought this player to take on a trip.  i knew that i would be away from a computer, could not "recharge" the battery so that took away the ipod line that requires access to a pc. this unit has a single aaa battery.  i bought a pack of lithium aaa batteries for the trip and knew that i could always buy more if needed.  (at home i use rechargeable aaa batteries so the cost for playing is minimal.)  for the two week trip, i loaded my player with old time radio shows, 2 audio books from audible.com (each one more than 25 hours of play) and lots of music. to use the books, i had to connect to the manufacturer\'s website and upgrade the installed software. took minutes. once i did, the books worked great. could even bookmark my spot and come right back in.  the 13 hour plane flights and days of train travel was made even more pleasant with this little player. the books tend to use more battery time than music, but i still got more than 20 hours of play from regular alkalines and close to 30 on lithium.  the sound quality is superior to some mp3 players i tried, even without using the built-in graphic equalizer. i used the regular earbuds it comes with for a couple weeks (very nice quality) then switched to a lariat style headset so i only had one set of cords around my neck.   the buttons are large enough and spaced well so the controls are easy to use. the backlit feature is adjustable in brightness and for how long it stays on. plugged in a set of speakers (available at any drug store for portable cd player) to this unit at my office and so everyone can here what is on my player.  i highly recommend this player!  there is nothing missing on this player. you will not have to settle when you get this player.    ', 'i purchased the 8gb creative zen v plus player during the first week in february.  today, march 6th, i am returning it and this is why:  the package arrived from amazon.  i loaded up the software on my computer, then hooked up the player through the usb cord.  i let it charge for 6 hours like the instructions state.   then i proceeded to load some of my music onto the player.  so after the music was loaded, i disconnected the player from the usb cable and started to listen to the music.  the sound quality was good, the player is easy to navigate in the menus, etc...  the problem was about half the music i uploaded was not on the player.  i could see the folder and menu option for the artist or genre but the actual file was not there.  so i plugged the player back into the usb cord, and pulled up the file location on the player through the computer.  the file was there and i could play it just fine through windows media player.  i tried to access it again through the player and it was not there.  then i accessed through the computer just fine.    all my songs, all 4,500 of them, are in mp3 format from 56kps for my audio books to 192kps for the songs i ripped from cd\'s.  the player just wouldn\'t read about half my songs.  there was really no rhyme or reason on whish songs it would recognize.  i would load an entire album of 15 songs and i could only play 6 or 7 tracks.  this happened with my entire music collection.    so i thought maybe the firmware was out of date so i uploaded all the updates from creative which did include a firmware update.  it did not solve the problem.  i then uploaded some of the same songs that would not play on the zen v plus onto my 3 year old rio and original ipod shuffle and they played just fine.  i was frustrated at this point so i called the creative customer service.  it is strange because they do not post the number for there company anywhere on there website and now i understand why.  they have the worst customer service/tech department of any computer/electronic company i have ever spoke with.  after three calls, never speaking to someone who i could fully understand as english was definitely not a first language, more like a 3rd or 4th language, i arrived nowhere.  they kept telling me they were emailing document to me on how to resolve the problem.  no email ever came, checked the junk folder and every other possible place.  so i tried a fourth call.  this guy basically called me stupid from what i could understand, saying "i can\'t believe you americans" and then mumbled something in another language.   i asked for a supervisor. he told me that he would escalate my call and someone would call me in 2-3 days.  then he hung up.    i was really amazed that a company would treat its customers in this nature.  they really have to respect for there customers and do not want to help them in any way.  so i am returning the creative zen v plus player and i also don\'t plan on buying anything from creative again.   by the way, after all this, the problem never was fixed.    also, when doing research on this product, i came across a couple articles and reviews that stated this player would play divx files.  this is not true.  this player will not play any files without being converted first.  i took an avi video that was 100mb and it converted it into a 1.2gb file.  the format they use is absolutely a waste of space.  if you want to upload an entire movie on mpeg or avi format, it will end up taking the entire 8gb of space if not more.  i converted the movie cars for my son on a short road trip thinking i could have my music plus his movie.  i was wrong, the movie took up 7.1gb after being converted.  i would not recommend this product to anyone.  as much as i don\'t like the ipod, i would recommend it over the zen v plus because:  1. it plays all my music 2.  they have a customer service/tech support that helps you and cares about its customers.  i hope this helps anyone looking at this player.  jeff   ', "this thing worked for two days and then started cutting off songs and starting them over.  we thought it was the battery going bad but a new battery didn't help.  don't buy this item.  i am not even going to bother getting it replaced after reading the other reviews here.  ", "i bought this player and was fairly happy with it.  it is very small and sounds fine.  unfortuneately, i lost the cd containing the drivers for it.  i called customer service to get a replacement cd.  my first call to rca/thompson technical support directed me to a page where i could download software for the rca lyra.  after telling the representative that i had the k@zoo, and not the lyra, he said &quot;sorry, that's all the information i have.&quot;  <p>today, i figured i'd try again - maybe there'd be more information.  this time i was told, in fact, that the software is not available online, but that the cd could be shipped to me.  however, it would cost $12.95 for a cd containing one driver, and 2 free to download software programs.  i was about to order, when i was then informed of the $9.95 shipping fee.  to mail me one compact disk.  <p>needless to say, i am far from pleased, and i urge anyone considering buying an rca product to stay far, far away.  if you ever need customer service (and judging by the reviews of many mp3 players, you will), you will greatly regret the purchase.  ", 'wrong product..  wrong time.   consumers of us have been offered new electronics products almost everyday. but how many times we look at them and say, "i want that!" palmone\'s lifedrive is not going to make you say that, either.  major features of the product: * palm os 5.4 * intel processor * 4g hd * wi-fi 802.11b * bluetooth 1.1 * usb 2.0 * big color display * support for microsoft documents * voice recorder * camera companion software * mp3 player  this is not impressive.if palmone wants to be ahead of the curve, they should have added wi-fi 802.11g. bluetooth and usb 2.0 are pretty much necessary and they are good there.   lets do a quick comparison of this product,  palmone treo 650: $400 (and lot cheaper with cell phone service annual contract) features: cell, pda, camera, mp3 player, speakerphone, bluetooth, 23mb nokia 6620: $350 (less than $100 with annual plan)  features: cell, pda, camera, mp3 player, speakerphone, bluetooth 12mb  why am i comparing with cell phones? because we have to have one and what is missing in them is the big hard-drive. for that, i am not going to buy lifedrive. i will rather just a get a usb drive/firewire drive for 50 bucks which i don\'t need to upgrade or something, or better yet, an ipod which is an excellent usb hard-drive (ipod photo fo 30g $349)  if palmone is thinking that this device is going to fill the gap between your office computer, home computer, camera, i think they are wrong. we need little more integration like combination of a nokia cell,  pda, apple mp3 player, small sony camera, big hitachi hard drive. and all of this still should be bigger than the palm treo.  bottom line: i wouldn\'t waste my money on this. i am sure something more worthwhile will come before end of this year.  ', 'this product, despite being tagged as one is not an alarm clock! had i been looking for an mp3 player, i would have rated this higher, but considering that this is the first item to come up on a search for mp3 alarm clock, this product fails to tell time. i would die a happy man knowing that the alarm clock tag was removed from this.  ', "ok, i bought this mp3 player because of its amazing looks, but the touch screen is uber sensitive, so you have to keep the hold switch on all the time, which makes switching tracks or adjusting the volume a three step process (1-turn off hold, 2-switchtrack/volume, 3- turn hold back on)  the screen scratches easily as well and after about a day, it looks like you've owned it for a year.  a remote is an add on accessory, but costs $50.  and the sound output is terrible. i just couldnt get this thing lound enough, i always had it on max and it was just never enough.  could have used about a 25% increase in volume.  and thats not even the worst of it.  mine broke at least 4 times in two weeks... the screen would flash fatal system error, and just freeze.  so i downloaded the patches off of olymups online that were supposed to solve the issues, and 1 week later, i was getting the same errors.  tech support said it would need to be sent out for repair, so i just said forget it and got my money back.  the worst part of all though was the music interface software...complicated, bulky, slow, aggravating and archaic.  does not support drag & drop which makes adding that 1 track you just downloaded a real pain in the but.  if your looking for an ipod alternative, this is not it.  ", "i love this thing.  the good: almost everything!  particularly: excellent battery life. solid build. incredible sound quality. unique, if not eniterly effective firrmware.  the bad: the included software isn't good.  at all.  but i've used worse.  my 20 gb zen touch had a harddisk failure after around a month.  creative speedily replaced it with another, though on the replacement, the scroll wheel was broken when i received it. they took it back, and somehow i ended up with a 40 gb model.  this is the most excellent and efficient customer service i have ever encountered.  no player i've seen sounds better.  ", "when i went to the post office to pick up the package, there was nothing in the box.  i had waited three weeks for it.  thankfully, i got my money back but then i had to go somewhere else to buy it.  i originally wanted to buy it from amazon because it was $50 cheaper.  i'll never do it again.  ", 'this is by far the best flash-based mp3 player i have ever used.  it is incredibly user friendly.  great sound and picture with all the bells and whistles.  if you are consider and ipod or an mp3 player, definitely get this one.  ', "i found this product to be an excellent alternative to the other more expensive mpm player recorders on the market. i found the hardware durable and the on board controls easy to understand. the qvga settings produce a good picture but take up a lot of hard drive space. i prefer to use the divix format and i use the divix software that came with the player to encode all my movies. the key to getting as many movies on this player as possible is to rip the dvd first then encode only the movie vob files. this way you will avoid the menu items. when i want something from the t.v., i capture it with a capture card and record it as a dvd file set then i handle it the same way as i do the dvd's. as for the mp3 play back feature you cannot play a song and browse the play list. however, anyone using this product for a party source is stretching the usability of the portable device. remeber, this is a personal player not a home player. for 216 dollars, this player is a steal   ", 'this was a great christmas gift for my 13 year old daughter. she loves it! it uses only one aaa battery, which lasts quite a while (she started using it on christmas morning and still has the same battery in today a week and a half later with daily use). it has an fm radio function, shows you what you are playing, how much time is used, etc. it is full of features and the price is great too. i would highly recommend this item for those of you looking for something small, easy to use, durable, and fun. as for the loading of songs, she picked it up in about 5 minutes, it was no problem. this one is supposed to hold about 500 songs, she is still nowhere close to that many. well worth the price, a great deal!  ', 'the first one broke and did not work the second one broke and did not work-all before i left the house-it wasted 3+hours of my time, i subscribed to music and still have not gotten another player.  i was really disappointed -  ', 'i found this accurate review of the mhj mpm 202. i then discovered i could buy it on amazon. -way to go amazon.com!  hands-on review: the nhj mpm-202 personal media player posted may 16, 2005, 2:33 pm et by barb dybwad    we had a chance to spend some time with the nhj mpm-202 portable media player. it\'s a 60gb pmp that doubles the capacity of its predecessor, the mpm-201, and shares most of its features. overall we found the device incredibly easy to use and great value for the price, particularly as compared to its competitors. read on for the full review.  first impressions the unit is solid. it may lack a certain sex appeal, but there is nothing flimsy or cheap about the feel of the device in your hand. the design is straightforward and intuitive: volume control scrollwheel plus play and stop buttons on the right, 4-way selector plus menu and back buttons on the left. the positioning of the controls on either side of the screen makes it easy to hold the device in both hands and control it with the thumbs. there is nothing awkward about the way the controls work - the interface is easy to use and each command does exactly what you\'d expect it to do. the only disappointing aspect of the interface is the virtual keyboard entry system, which fares slightly better than the keyboard input of the psp as you don\'t have to be t9-ing the thing, but it\'s still just one of those inconvenient scroll-to-key-press-enter, repeat x15 and twelve hours later, your movie is renamed. but it\'s not like there are many non-keyboard-bearing devices that really make this easy. the included a/v dock is nice - it\'s sturdy, and it comes with separate cables whereas its main competitor, the archos av420, comes with a dock that has integrated cables that looks akin to an unwieldy octopus. the mpm-202 comes with a "record" button built into the dock, and it would be hard to imagine simplifying the process of recording new content any further than cuing up a source and pressing record. it was refreshingly dead easy. some other things we noticed right off the bat: there\'s a cute little kick-stand built right into the back of the unit. it means you can prop the device up on a desk to watch it, which is more handy than you realize.   the internal stereo speakers have a lot of horsepower for a portable unit. you can get some decent volume out of them with very little distortion until you\'re all the way at the highest setting. for listening to music, they\'re a bit too treble-heavy to make anyone really happy, but for watching movies they\'re nice because you can get away with not being tethered to headphones or external speakers. it\'s also handy to have slots for both cf and sd media.  features  the nhj mpm-202 is the beefier sibling of the mpm-201 - they share the same featureset, but the mpm-202 has 60gb worth of storage to the mpm-201\'s 30gb. it\'s got a 3.5-inch screen, cf type ii and sd memory slots, internal stereo speakers, tv-tuner in the dock, internal microphone (records in wav), av-output, image display (jpg), and of course, and and video recording and playback. the unit ships with a cradle and ir remote, mini to rca cable, usb cable, s-video cable, ac adapter, carrying pouch, headphones, manual, and cd-rom with music match and dr. divx video conversion software. as distributed by tightsystems in the u.s. (which, although currently in litigation with macromedia, still offers the mpm-202 through the separately owned and operated dvg store retail outlet accessible via the tightsystems website), the unit is now shipping for $449 which includes a free extra battery and free shipping.         transferring content  the nhj mpm-202 connects to windows or mac machines via usb 2.0, and shows up as a mass storage device, which means it just looks like an external hard drive connected to your machine. unless you\'re running windows 98 or mac os 8 (yikes!), you shouldn\'t have to install the drivers that come on the installation cd-rom. from there, you just drag and drop the files into their appropriate locations in the file structure of the unit\'s hard drive - or vice versa, if you\'ve recorded something you want to copy to your computer. you can also transfer files from storage media to the mpm\'s internal hard drive. this is pretty handy for photographers, who\'ll be able to use this unit as portable storage. setting up the transfer is fairly straightforward in the file manager. just select a folder of images, select copy, then choose the appropriate destination. recording content  movies   pop the unit in the dock, hook up your source, and select "tv mode" from the main menu. you can choose one of three quality levels: qvga, vga, and vga fine. for playback just on the unit itself, qvga does the job admirably. for something that will be watched primarily on a tv, you\'ll want to go with at least vga and vga fine if you have enough space. scroll up to "video in" and select where your video source is coming from: the tv tuner, component in or s-video in.   you should then see your source show up on the mpm\'s screen - from here, just press the record button the dock to get going. if you\'re recording a bunch of things at once you can then dispense with all the setup steps and just hit the record button to start, stop button to stop. if you\'re recording a source for more than an hour, the mpm will automagically split your recording into multiple files; when you play them back, they\'ll be stitched together so you won\'t notice the separation (other than a tiny flicker at the moment of changeover). recording from the tv tuner is really no different. you just select "tv in" as your source and start recording the same way, by pressing the big red record button. there\'s a scheduling function so you can schedule recordings, and have them repeat weekly or monthly if desired. it\'s no substitute for a full-featured dvr, but it gets the job done if you just want to record some shows to take with you on a trip or outing. voice recorder  the voice recording function is as easy to use as the rest of the player\'s functions, but this is the area where the quality is not as great. recording via the internal mic results in a file with audible hiss. you can understand what\'s being said without a problem, but you wouldn\'t want to use it for anything mission critical. it\'s fine for recording personal memos, but breaks down pretty quickly the farther you get from the audio source - so wouldn\'t be terribly useful for doing things like recording lectures, e.g. this is probably why they label this "my voice" in the menu! that\'s about all it\'s good for.   playing back content  movies  to view a file on the player, just select "my movies" from the main menu and drill down into the file system to wherever your video lives, be it on the internal drive or on external media (divx-encoded avi files, only). hit ok to start playback. hit the arrow keys to fast forward or reverse at 2x, 4x or 8x speeds. you\'ll scrub through the video as you go, so you can see where you are and where you want to stop; just hit play to resume normal playback. hit stop to stop. hit back to go out to the most immediate file system subfolder, or menu to go all the way back out to the main menu. it\'s all very simple and works exactly as you would expect.   the only drawback to the interface here is there\'s no "bookmark" feature, so if you\'re in the middle of a movie and need to stop watching, you can\'t easily return to where you left off. you\'ll just have to fast forward to get back to where you were. some of the early reviews on this unit dissed on the screen quality of this player. it may be slightly smaller than the screen on the archos av420, e.g., but in terms of quality we found them pretty comparable. if you look very closely you can pick out the individual dots in the display - and that\'s about it. nobody will watch this unit from 2 inches away, so we can\'t see that it really matters. we didn\'t have any issues with it. playing back to an external tv does show off the pixelation of your video content more than it will on the mpm-202\'s screen. the quality you\'re going to get is going to depend on the resolution and bit rate of the original file, obviously. viewing almost anything on the smaller screen tends to gloss over differences in quality much more than viewing the same files on the big screen. still, you have the extra space to store videos encoded at higher resolutions/bit rates, so you can take advantage of that if you\'re going to be doing a lot of av out to an external television. as far as battery life goes, for pure video playback we got a fairly consistent three and half hours of battery life, tested over six trials with both batteries. since you get a free extra battery with the unit, that\'s about seven hours playback without a recharge out of the box, which\'ll come close to tiding you over on your next trans-atlantic, you jetsetters, you. we didn\'t do a test for pure audio playback alone, but expect quite a bit more playback time from a single charge.  music   the music playing interface is as dead easy to use as everything else, but it\'s a bit on the no frills side. the biggest downer here is there\'s no support for custom playlists, so if you want a particular mix of tunes you\'ll have to physically organize them first and move them onto the player. the other bummer is that the display skimps out on the file metadata/id tags, which seems sort of odd - the photo viewer application lets you see all kinds of crazy metadata on photos that most will probably never even care to look at, but all the info you can see about a music track is the artist and track name (and that, sporadically, which we never quite figured out)? seems weird. even if you happen to have all of your artist and track name info included in your filenames, the interface doesn\'t wrap the text, so you can only see the first 15 characters displayed. this also means no album art, of course, which isn\'t as big of a deal, but why not take advantage of having that screen?   what the interface does show is your usual transport functions: play/pause, forward/reverse and stop, and current playhead location, as well as volume and controls buttons for shuffle and repeat. hit the ok button to call up a very simple eq interface, which basically gives you +3/-3 "units" in either direction for bass and treble. pretty basic. the sound quality is pretty decent. we didn\'t have any complaints when listening through computer speakers, headphones, a decent stereo, or in the car. we never found the volume lacking, nor did anything sound hideously unbalanced at flat eq. whereas the internal speakers do a decent job for listening to speech and movie dialogue, for listening to music you\'ll definitely want to hook up some headphones or to an external speaker of some sort. for podcasts, though, the internal speakers are not too shabby - you can get away with it in a pinch if you don\'t want to be tethered to the headphones while listening.  images   no troubles here. as long as you organize your files the way you want them before transferring to the player, you can go slideshow nuts to your heart\'s content. when viewing an image, just hit the "play" button to bring up a selection of how much delay you\'d like between slides (3, 5, 10, 30, and 60 seconds) and hit ok - it will keep playing continuously, with transitions, until you tell it to stop. you can view details on a photo by pressing the ok button in non-slideshow mode, or rotate it with the volume control (and save the orientation, if desired).     overall  this is a nicely-featured pmp, easy to use, and great value for 60gb of storage. the one-touch recording option on the dock is about as easy as it gets. if you\'re looking for a portable media player that is intuitive to operate, reliable, and well worth the ticket price, we have no qualms recommending the nhj mpm-202.  good and bad  good things:  * uses standard a/v cables that can be repurposed generally as needed, as opposed to the octopus of locked down cables that comes with the archos a/v dock. * one-button recording. * solid construction; durable casing. * compact flash and sd slots. * little foot for propping the thing up on a desk/table - really handy! * external stereo speakers, for a portable unit, are pretty good. * interface: dead easy to figure out and use. * has an av-out port right on the unit itself, so you can throw video out to a tv without needing the cradle. * 60gb of storage at a great price - lots of value in this unit.  bad things:  * file renaming interface is awkward and time-consuming. * music player has only rudimentary support for metadata. * no music playlist support. * voice recording quality is so-so. good for notes to self and recording in a pinch, but is not production-quality audio recording.  -- based on the above from bob, i just ordered one for myself. i have been looking for a pmp for several months and this is a great value.  ', "around 9 months after purchase, my lyra jukebox rd2840 just stopped working.   resetting it did nothing.   doesn't turn on, nothing.    just sits there dead.   and judging by some of the other reviews, i'm probably not even going to bother with rca support since it looks like that's useless.   i'm gonna rip the thing apart, and see if i can fix it (or completely destroy it).   good thing i backed up all 20gb of songs before it died, but i'm still pretty angry over it dying.  ", "i did a lot of research on mp3 players before settling on the h340 and i am very happy with my decision. i decided against going with an ipod because of the built in restrictions on sharing between computers and the way it adds some encoding to all the mp3 files so that it cannot function effectively as a backup of your music. none of this nonsense with the iriver h340, just plug it in to any computer's usb port and it shows up like a hard drive, no software required (except for win 95/98 which requires a driver, and i can't speak for the mac end of things). this is super convienient and the way that all mp3 players should work in an ideal world. i also strongly considered the creative nx xtra since it is available in a 60gb drive and i have a ton of music files but the reports of poor reliability and faulty headphone jack made me steer clear of that one.  the h340 feels very solid and sturdy and i find it quite intuitive and easy to use. to me the sound quality seems good with the supplied ear phones and i have not found the need to change them. it has some nice bells and whistles like built in radio and a recorder (and yes you can record from the radio).  so now on to the reasons why i give it 4 instead of 5 stars. it's called a jukebox right? what's a juke box? all the jukeboxes i know are music playing machines where you can select and line up the songs you want to hear and all the songs selected will play in the order you selected them in. but that's not the way this little machine works. you can only line up one song to play while another is playing. you can not line up a series of songs to play without hooking it up to your computer and creating a playlist. for me that is the number 1 negative with this player. however the firmware is upgradable and there is some glimmer of hope that my player may be able to have this very impotant missing feature added some time in the future. the other negatives are just minor gripes. the way it recharges from usb is badly implemented, when recharging it cannot connect as a drive and vice versa. if you plug your unit into the usb by default it will start charging and you can not do anything with the player. in order to connect to your computer you must  disconnect it, power it up, and change the usb charging option to turn it off. so it is best just leave usb charging turned off alltogether.  i have taken up much of this review with negatives but i must stress that i am very happy with my purchase and i think the h340 is a wonderfull little device which could use a firmware upgrade to make it damn near perfect. highly recommended.  ", "i have absolutely no complaints.  super easy to use and i'm a gadget-idiot!  great for running.  ", "i have had my zen v about a month and so far i love it. i have downloaded books from netlibrary without a hitch. copying books from cd's and then transferring has been more of a challenge due to each track needing to be edited manually. it bookmarks great and does remember where you left off after shutdown as long as it isn't on pause. not sure why that is but i learned that fairly quickly. i am still learning all the extra features, but i recommend it if you want to do audiobooks.  ", 'this player is the first mp3 player that i actually like.  it has a customizable equalizer to get the sound to sound just the way you want it.  very very few mp3 players let you do that and it is something i believe should be in all mp3 players. the player is small but has a bright color display.  the player doesn\'t require any additonal software in windows xp.  you simply drag files between your computer and the player in "my computer": it is that easy.  there are a few quirks.  the little stick that you use to move around the interface is a little too loose.  you can move it up and the player will think you mived it left or right.  similarly, manuvering around the interface with the little stick takes a few tries before you figure out how to find the options you want.  but these are minor complaints for such a feature-rich and small mp3 player.  battery life is ok at max 10 hours.        ', "i love the archos for many reasons, first it's easy to use. who ever designed it had common sense. also you can edit parts out of shows that you don't want, you can place a book mark where you stop watching a show so you can go right back to the same place when you turn it back on. you can title the show, create different folders to organize your recordings. you can load pictures from your camera very easily, you can create a slide show and view them on the 7 inch screen. the sound from the speakers isn't the best but when you use head phones it sounds better than a movie theater. i reccommend getting the 100 gb hard drive because better more space than not enough, it claims it holds 250 movies but that must be at the lowest resolution. i record one down from the highest resolution because that is about as low of quality that i want to watch and when you do that you use a lot more drive space. it also has great battery life. i am very happy with the archos av 700, it hasn't given me any problems, no glitches or freeze ups. i did however go to the archos website and download the most recent firmware update as soon as i got it. i do not regret buying it for one minute, a little pricey but if you have the money, go for it!     ", "ok, so i spent a lot of time researching different pvps online and the archos av500 came up as top in its class.  still, after all of my research, i was a bit skeptical in purchasing this device, as there were some obvious cons.  i took a deep breath and shelled out the $500 at a local retail outlet and have never been happier with a gadget as i am now.  this little device is tops.  a solid (i.e. metal) casing houses this pvp which is capable of not only audio and video playback, but recording of both as well.  the first thing i tested was the mp3 player portion of this toy.  once plugged in via a usb 2.0 port, my computer recognized the device right away and it was as easy as dragging and dropping the audio files into the music folder on the av500.  in mere seconds i have loaded the av500 with about 10 full cds worth of music.  unlike some mp3 players, the av500 quickly (seconds) sorts through its new files after being unplugged from the pc.  my wife has rave mp3 player and it can take up to 5 minutes to sort through new files after you toss them in there.  the av500 was waaaaaay faster.  playback on audio files is a breeze with the easy to use nav buttons on the face of the av500.  you can search by file name, artists name, song name, and even music genre.  if you're as anal about your mp3 files as i am, you've probably associated images of the albums to them.  well, the av500 will pop those graphics up on its 4 inch screen while playing the tune.  playback features include random and repeat.  there is a built in, mini eq, but i didn't mess too much with that.  i did notice that while playing back thru an outside audio source, such as through a car or home receiver, it is best to turn down the volume on the av500 to about 75% in order to get the best playback.  i've read some reviewers who noticed some noise in the background during playback, but this seems to be avoided if you reduce the volume on the unit itself.  (it also helps if you properly encode your mp3s for optimum playback...don't whine and complain about hissing and background noise if you encode anything under 128.)    now onto the video....amazing.  the 4 inch (wide)screen does make this device larger than an ipod, but at the same time, this is not to be confused with a simple mp3 player.  this is a portable dvd player.  it took all of 2 minutes to hook up the av500 to my dvr and start the recording process.  the tv docking pod acts as a gateway between your dvr (or dvd, vcr, cable box, etc.) and tv, allowing you set it up and forget about it.  recording is as easy as plugging your av500 into the docking pod and pressing one button.  i have yet to fool around with the timer options, as i have a home dvr for that purpose, but if i am watching something on my dvr and decide that it's a keeper, i can easily record it into my av500 and watch it on the go, or even transfer it into my pc and burn it to a dvd.  one downside that i discovered too late was that the av500 will not playback itunes video files.  i realized this a tad too late, as i had already purchased and downloaded about 6 episodes of the office.  oh well.  the av500 is 100% compatible with microsoft's playforsure music sites, but the video offering on these sites is limited.  i also sprung for a car mount for the av500.  $22 w/ s & h off of ebay...not a bad deal.  other options that i have yet to play with include: tv playback - watch files from your av500 on your television remote control picture viewing video editing tools playlist creation  the only cons i can think of are minor 1) it would be nice if the buttons on the face were backlit.  very tricky to maneuver in the dark. 2) the inability to browse the av500 files while listening to music.  the minute you try to do so, the music stops, but with the built in resume feature it quickly picks back up right were it left off. 3) the inability to play itunes videos.  maybe one day in a firmware update they will address this issue.  all in all, this is a fantastic little gizmo that does a lot.  i know that pvps are fairly new to the marketplace and with time they can only get better, but for a first generation device, this one does fantastic.   ", "i will just mirror everyone else's comments, great player, horrible software.  i wish someone would write better software than sonicstage, it isn't intuitive at all.  even windows media player has a better interface.  if you like your music organized in to neat genres, don't get this player, because sonicstage will make you tear out your hair.  if you just download various music files from p2p sites, then this is for you.  ", 'this is the greatest mp3 player out there.  my son has an ipod and what a pain to put music onto......this creative you can just click and drag....i never even installed the software.  i love it!!!!  ', "good: -memory appears like a flash drive and will hold songs from wm player -a single song will play on this player -battery lasts about 6 to 8 hours -windows media player can convert song files to sansa; if you don't have wmp, there is no software from sandisk that will load them.  bad: -beyond playing a song, player can't do much more -playlists can only be installed on the fixed 2gb memory, non-removable -added micro sd card appears as another player, not additional memory -added memory is limited to 2 gb micro sd (not micro sdhc) -total memory cannot be more than 2 gb plus 2 gb, always separated -playlists cannot play from both memories, only the fixed internal 2gb -if two playlists contain the same song, the song will be added twice -sound quality is minimal -sound volume at max is about medium compared to other players -available operator's manual/website has little or no information -player is physically very weak, won't play at temperatures below 50 f  overall, if you are looking to play more than 500 songs or if you want to have multiple playlists without duplicate songs in memory, this ain't it!  ", "this mp3 player is very confusing. they don't put any instructions in the box either. you have to download them, and it's almost 100 pages long. who has time to read all of that? i've had my mp3 player for over a month and i still haven't put any songs on it. well i had like 3, but i hit a button (trying to skip to the next song)and it erased them all. so it's easy to erase your songs without knowing it. when i first downloaded the songs, i was trying to play the next song and i hit the button and it just repeated the same song over and over again. very confusing!   ", "as usual, it doesn't work with windows,please dont waste your money,i'm from mexico and my problem is worst because i cant get my money back,so you better try with another mp3 ,no creative.  ", 'i have been satisfied with this product. it was simple to load songs on to the player. the operation is very straight forward and easy to understand as well as implement. the ear buds were different than i was previously acquainted with but after a short time, they were comfortable. they also provided an excellent quality of sound reproduction. all in all i am very happy with my purchase and would make this same purchase again if i had the need to do so.  ', 'well - the theory is great, the practice is not.  my zen arrived "dead on arrival."  creative suggested i send it back to amazon.  the only saving grace of this entire experience was creative\'s telephone support (free for 60 days) and amazon\'s easy returns.  someone explain that to my daughter on her birthday today. . .  ', 'i bought a machspeed trio 512mb nearly 2 years ago and it is working just fine - still!  so, to the reviewer who thinks the people giving a good review are probably reviewing after just taking their product out of the package and reviewing with one days use, i think you are not being fair and your comment is out of line.  maybe this device works differently than others (?), but it does work!    i just purchased another unit for my adult daughter to use when she works out and bought the larger memory, same unit.  since i plan to give her a "gadget basket" full of modern technology for xmas (she still uses floppies...) i was trying to keep the prices in line and why i chose this device.  i wanted to set it up for her and load it with mp3 files so that when she opens, it is all ready to play.  i suppose the saavy factor should be the other way around but ironically, i am an older person who has had experience with gadgets and my daughter - d/t her lifestyle and studies, is only just beginning, and why i wanted to get her set up.      upon opening the package i plugged the unit into my pc usb and opened as a removable drive.  amongst the software and such pre-loaded onto the drive, there were 2 pre-loaded songs that played on my pc just fine.  next, via drag and drop, i loaded up the unit with mp3\'s, closed the drive, removed from my pc usb, added a battery to the back of unit, turned it on and proceeded to set up the device.  additionally, i chose the white background as i find the colors make the text difficult to read.    maybe i should have read the directions (and i am female, lol...sorry guys) but i did not and relied on my intuitive skills...  initially, i was a bit frustrated until i discovered how to use the rocker switch atop the unit but after that it was smooth sailing!  i don\'t care much for the sound quality via the supplied earbuds, they lack the features of a decent set of buds - but that seems commonplace with "almost" any device with supplied earbuds.  with that in mind, i purchased better quality buds for a reasonable price and resolved that issue; said and done. of course it would be nice to have quality buds come with the device, but this is not an ipod and that was not to be the case, plus, i liked the inexpensive pricing!  better buds come in an assortment of pricing that is not outlandish.    it seems to have a bit of a delayed start-up and the menu took a bit of patience to scroll through, learn and set up - but if old me can do this, i would venture to guess most anyone can tackle this too.  this player is all plastic and feels like you\'d want to handle with care and hope to not drop.  maybe even get some kind of a clip or velcro fastener strip for carrying.  with my older player, the usb cap lost it tight grip and would easily slip off and i suspect this device will do the same.  a piece of masking tape holds my end cap on (ugh).  my older player has some scratches in the casing, but otherwise, plays very well and lately, i have been using it as a portable storage instead of dedicated music player only b/c my cell phone conveniently has mp3, fm and voice record. this device works both ways if you outgrow it\'s memory size, or whatever...  also, with both players, i find it too easy to erase songs, thus keep back-ups loaded on my pc just in case that happens. or you could say that i only copy my songs to the device verses moving the file.   additionally, there is a "hold" switch on the "bottom" of player for lock and unlock that can easily be bumped and one might want to keep that in mind.  as well, upon set-up there is an option to how your files will play, so make sure you have that set to your choice so you aren\'t left wondering why another song won\'t play, or not playing in order.  optionally, one can plug this device into a portable speaker unit to enjoy your music while in the bathroom, fixing your hair and getting ready, or whatever may apply!  overall, this player does exactly what it claims to and with better buds, sounds even better.  i like it and don\'t understand what all the fuss is about.  for this price, i\'d give it 5 stars if it came with better quality buds...but then the pricing would go up!  ', "even though the price for a ps3 has dropped to 400, it still isn't worth the money your paying for it. i mean at $350, the xbox 360 is just a better deal. i mean once you factor in the extra cost of the wireless connector, hddvd player and xbox live charges(ps3 online is free) it may cost well over 600 dollars compared to the 400 but you should completely ignore the extra 250 dollars because you don't neccesarilly have to pay for it right away. for this reason alone i'd suggest not buying the iphone. or the ipod touch for that matter. now that microsoft has lost the hddvd war, xbox's sales are sure to go up since people always want to support the underdog. you therefore shouldn't buy any apple products since microsoft s clearly better and you wouldn't want to send the wrong message. besides, steve jobbs' last name is just plain annoying. if that's not a great reason not to buy an ipod, i don't know what is.   ", "i had this for 1 1/2 years.  i am a mac person.  so i wanted the cheapest mac compatible player out there. it works excellent!! for both types! no reformating of the drive, you stick in a mac it reads it or stick in a pc it reads it. you can't use itunes with it but the software in the box works fine. it does the job. you get what you pay for which is true.  simple to use and drag and drop and your done.  i use this for work as well (transport files). tip: if does fail go to the website and get the firmware update.  i had mine freeze up b/c i snatch it right out of the port rushing to meet an appointment. i got the update and it works again, great! ps i have a nanopod too, this is coby player is still a great value.   ", 'i purchased this item some days ago but returned it later on to amazon. i purchased it because it was a lot of space for the money. a 30gb ipod almost costs 50-60% more and i didnt have a big collection of audio anyway. but the controls are not user friendly and most importantly i returned it because it did not play the audible.com format which is the most popular audiobook format. when i bought it, it was really from a reluctance to buy ipod because the ipod was so common place but i finally succumbed and bought the nano which i realized is a fine product after all. also keep in mind that because this has a spinning hard disk its not a good idea to use it in the gym, especially on a treadmill. its better to buy a flash drive based product that does not have moving parts, thats why i finally got the nano.  ', 'apple has dominated the mp# market and when you buy one you will understand.  ', "bought it here for $75 and thought i won the lottery...downloaded my music into it and then began the headaches..i couldn't play back any of the tunes...the owner's manual/user guide is sad and incomplete,in all 20 languages. ..the cd-rom which lists a user guide had none..and so i had either a faulty unit or i just couldn't figure out how to play back the tunes with the included instructions...either way it's on the way back to amazon with some great tunes that someone in the returns/repair department might get to listen to.  ", 'either i got a defective one, but after 4 hours with 7 different techs on the phone and calls to apple corporate, someone has agreed to exhange my unit for another one.<p>my i-tunes would load all the songs on to the i-pod, and you could pick a song, but it would never play, just go blank.<br>waited a month, had it engraved, now i have to wait for a box to return it, and then wait for another one and start over.  i think it may be advisable to wait to they get the bugs worked out.  7 different techs could not figure it out.  or, maybe i got a bad one.  ', 'pro  1. easy to use 2. support lots of languages 3. light and handy  con  1. need to get a better headphone for better sound 2. need to get closer for recording   ', "my 14 year old son received this for xmas last year and by the summer it was broken, he really takes good care of his things so we were very disapointed. this year he's getting an ipod, my husband and i are both ipod users and after this experience i think we will remain loyal to ipod.    ", "i bought a version of this for my 15 year old son about a year ago. we bought the dell pocket dj and there has been problem after problem with it. when the first one arriaved, the volume could not ajust. it stayed on one value, which only dogs could hear. the second one we got worked for a while and we thought it was ok, but then later, the play button did not work. we sent that in to get a new one, only to find out they discontinued it, and any one we got for fixing would be refurbished. ok, fine. the third one could not hold it's charge. the battery did not last as long as it should. my son would turn it off at night, and in the morning the battery would be dead. the fourth one we got was ok for a while. then, one day the songs just stopped tranfering from the computer to the mp3 player. we went to tech support. it said to enter the serial code. it said it was located under the barcode. only one problem, the barcode and everything on that sticker had been wiped after repeated use. we could not get tech support for it. i decided to call customer serivce and ask how to get tech support without a serial number. all tha lady did was give us the number for tech support. no help at all. later on the tranfering worked, but for a month it did not. my adivce :don't buy any dell dj  ", "okay, so this doesn't stand anywhere close in comparsion to the ipods that they are selling now with touch screens and other little ammenities, but this is still a gem.  i have over 400 cds on my pod and it isn't even half full.  i don't know if i would watch a full movie on it, but some people do.  it is a great tool to have at home or at work or when you are exercising.  ", 'i purchased this for my teenage son for christmas. the one we received had a faulty processor or something and would not run videos properly (would skip and stall) and the videos would have poor audio.  i give 2 thumbs up to amazon for the quick processing of the return.  the conversion time for putting the videos in zen format was quite long too.  i replaced the returned zen with a 30g zune for my son (again from amazon) and he\'s a happy camper showing me "see, this is how a processor should run a video!" for the ones the zen had trouble playing.  positives: small size, the size is much better than my bulky 30g ipod. is ours was defective and my son plays mostly videos with a few songs, i don\'t know how it\'ll fare for just music, but the size is a big plus.  negatives: was how it ran my son\'s videos.   ', "was happy with the archos 504 for the first two months until it stopped working for no reason (never dropped or mishandled).  customer service told me they thought it shorted out and to mail it to them for repair.  although my shipper's tracking number shows it as having been delivered over one week ago, archos claims not to have received it yet.  i'm still trying to work this out with them.      ", "i use this with my imac and it works perfectly. the itunes software does everything for me and it's great. the new one has support for podcasting and photos from digital cameras with iphoto. it also shows the image of the cd cover if you got the song from the itunes music store (also easy!) i learned how to do everything in seconds! it's great not only for people who know a lot about computer but also for beginners.  ", 'model: creative zen nano plus (1gb) i purchased this primarily for the features it provides and so far i am very satisfied with the quality and the features.  - line-in recording. records in mp3 format (96, 128, 160 kbps). it requires a smaller plug for the line-in and the included wire is very small, so recording from tv etc. might be problematic. but i guess you can buy a longer cable.  - fm radio and recording. records in wav, not sure why they would do that. no time-based recording. recording fm will need the headphone cable plugged in, coz thats the antenna.  - softwareless transfer. so i can use it as a usb stick. u can also transfer the recorded track to your pc, without software, just copy-paste.  ', "i purchased this item a couple of months ago and i am astounded at the feature set. i got it for entertainment and mass storage for digital photos when i travel. the music features aren't important to me as i have a small ipod for that and i was aware upfront that the mpm 201 did not support playlists and is too bulky for that use. however it is really easy to record tv shows and dvds to take on the road. my only problem has been trying to find spare batteries. the battery only lasts three hours and i can't find a us distributor to buy additional batteries. it is a well-designed piece of equipment at a really good price.  ", 'the software is wonderful...u can download the music as easy as abc...the condition after months of hard use is still wonderful  ', "my husband and i bought this little mp3 player for my daughter for christmas from sam's club for only $19.99.  i can see why now!  i have yet to be able to add any songs onto it.  for one, the directions are rather vague, so i started adding songs to the player, but then realized that apparently i was supposed to create files.  now i can't delete the songs that are now only listed in some sort of computer language on my computer-my computer keeps telling me that the device is disconnected, but it is still connected.  when i tried to call their tech support number from the website, i was stuck in some loop pressing the same numbers for 10 minutes.  when i called back, i was told their tech support guy would be back in a week (apparently there is only one person working it).  i guess i'm used to the ease of ipod or even the creative mp3 players.    next time i'll remember that when it appears to be too good to be true-it probably is!  ", "i regret the day i decided to buy the yh-925. i'm a foreigner visiting the us and i bought the yh-925 for my son. coming back to my home country, i found out that i cannot register the napster in order to import the mp3 files from my computer. the thing is that nobody cares to tell you that napster can only be registered in the us. not on the box, not on any documents inside! please understand my frustration and my boy's tears. you faithfully paid for a product and you never thought that samsung could treat you like that.  i finally found out that i can get around napster by using wmp10 but the thing is that you paid too much money, too much time, too much energy for a total neglection of samsung. furthermore, the sound is so bad. i had creative jukebox zen once and it sounds much better than the yh-925.   let me assure you: you definitely don't need yh-925.        ", 'excellent little product; really nice sound quality in a small package; controls are adequate, though could be a little larger.  the small display is ok - - would be very nice if the backlight stayed on a little longer (of course, that would eat the battery faster)  works great, holds a bucketload of songs and a great little package.  ', 'this product did not work from the beginning and i sent it back and bought my son and husband sandisk mp3 players and they found them very easy to use and i plan on buying another one for my other son.   ', "do not buy this product! i bought a zune for my husband because all of our music files are in .wma format, which is a microsoft format. i have downloaded all of my music legally over the years in a .wma format.  the only reason i bought the zune was so that my microsoft-formatted songs would be easily loaded onto the microsoft zune.  imagine my surprise and distress when i discovered, after purchasing the zune and attempting to load my legally purchased music, that it will not play any songs downloaded from any site other than the zune marketplace! in fact, when i called the zune support line for support, they graciously offered to sell me all the songs that i have already legally downloaded and purchased from other sources! isn't that generous of them?  save yourself heartache and frustration and do not buy a zune!  ", 'the archos unit is very hard to operate and tech ser are not very helpful when you need them.  ', "i was very excited to own this product. but when the setup turned into a laborsome 7 hour ordeal, i began to wonder why i had spent all that money for something that should be a piece of cake. oh yes, and don't forget about the big hooplah that you have to go through to download, transfer, and eventually find out it doesn't use all the different formats that music is available to us. great concept microsoft, but the typical consumer doesn't have time to jump through hoops and tame lions just to listen to music or watch videos. i returned it.   ", "this a a great player for a new user.  once i learned how to navigate, i've had very few problems. the screen shows more than other players of equal size.   this device supports books from audible, which is my primary use, although i have some albums and pictures.  this little 1gb can hold a large book, six albums, and about 20 pictures.  the screen shows the length of a downloaded book, how much time you've listened to and how much time is left.  you can use the joystick to move forward and back within the book.  this device is also supported by my public library, and i can download some books for free. if you shut down the player while a book is playing the unit will usually return to where you left off, and the bookmarking feature offers additional protection.  the unit has frozen several times when i was attempting to navigate too fast, but i've discovered that the earring post i'm always wearing becomes a great way to reset the player.   it is incredible to have an entire book in my purse!  great little player for the money.  ", "i already had a 20gb player and needed a small player that i could go running with.  it's small design makes it easy to jog with.  it can fit easily in your pocket or even around your neck.  because it's a flash drive, it can bounce around without damaging the player.  while it doesn't hold as many songs as my other player (a little over 100 songs compared to almost 5000), it works perfect for what i wanted it to do.  ", 'creative zen nano is inexpensive and great when compared to the ipod which i feel is way overpriced.  easy to use -i recommend it to anyone who wants to get started with an mp3 player  ', "i bought this mp3 player for my son, and it is a piece of junk. we had to replace the first one because it wouldn't boot up, and now we're taking back the second. i will never buy a sandisk mp3 player again.  ", "this looks good on paper but:  none of my three computers at home recognize it (xp home sp2, xp pro sp2) so i can't transfer files. i've tried installing creative's software but their software nor wmp 10 recognize this.   play for sure? not in the least.  check out the website? not much help there. a few things to try that don't work. look at the manual? not much there. they don't even tell you how to use anything more than the most basics. call support? well its a toll call and they are only open when i am at work (9-6 central time m-f). looks to me that they don't really want to help their customers.  i am a fairly advanced computer user and i am very dissapointed. i've check the usb ports, used multiple computers, and check the web. four hours and i still can't hear a single song.   stay away from this one. even if it works for you, supporting a company with such poor customer support is a bad idea. no more creative for me.  (oh, and it comes in one fo those packages you have to destroy to open to returning to amazon is not an option unless you accespt a partial refund.)  ", 'the player was good for 3 weeks and then i started having problems. the battery drained fast and then one it did not recognize the battery. i emailed their tech support and gave me a 800 number to call to. every time i called the 800 number it went to a voice box. left message no response. emailed again stating the issue no response. the player was good while it lasted might have been fixed if i had the support. tech support is really pathetic.  ', 'right out of the box it looks like something from the set of the movie 2001.  pick it up - it feels solid and unbreakable ... though i wouldn\'t try to drop it on purpose - the 7" screen is not recessed into the case - and covers almost the entire face of the player.  both are features i happen to love about it!  the mp3 player allows you the normal set of music management functions - including sorting and playing by genre, artist, album, year, title ... etc.  however, rather than make you click a button to see the album art - if the image is embedded in the id3 tag, the archos displays it as the song is played. -kewl-  video works well - with almost any codec thrown at it.  pull some free stuff down from the internet - and jump on a plane.  you\'ll be entertained for hours with the bright clear screen.   screen resolution is just ok to me, though my co-workers really thought the color reproduction was rich and bright.  it could stand for an upgrade in pixels though in the next gen of this device.  in addition, the archos can display photo\'s one at a time, or you can set it to do a slideshow - and just prop the device back on your desk using the built-in stand - and using it as a photo frame at work :)  i bought the 100 gig version.  there is also an available 40 gig version to be had.  as a technician, this comes in handy.  the device is recognized by any xp computer as an external usb mass storage device - and can be used to carry any type of file - even those it does not natively support for display. - so if you have a need to move a large amount of data from one pc to another - you couldn\'t ask for a more efficient means ... all with battery power, so no need to plug-in the juice( at least for a few hours before needed to be charged up again )  this archos model also has a usb host port - which allows you to connect other slave usb devices up to it - and copy data to/from them.  such as an external usb disk - or other mp3 player.  just connect it using the included cable - and the archos immediately recognizes it as an external disk ready to manage.  there\'s more ( scheduler, audio recorder ... ) but i\'m running late.  if i can edit this review when i get back, i will - but this covers most of what i\'ve been feeling since i bought the device.  ps - if you\'re wondering just how big this thing is ... i think it\'s the perfect size for use as a belt buckle on one of elvis pressley\'s concert jumpsuits.  ; )  ', "this player suits my purposes of listening mostly to podcasts to and from work.  as mentioned in other reviews, it connects easily to xp without the samsung software.  i use media player to sync my podcasts and windows explorer to drag and drop music folders.  you could cram about 16 hours of podcasts onto this thing since they are usually recorded at the 64 kbps quality.   after 2 weeks, i'm still at a full 3 bars of battery life - with the single aa battery included - after using the player everyday on my 45 minute commute and playing with the features at night.  it feels great not to be tied to a charger.  for those buying refurbished, make sure that all accesories are included.  there are 2 usb adapters: a cord and a small plug.  the case is not pretty, but it does seem to offer protection.  i have not played with the line in encoder yet.  the player is small enough to tuck on top of my phone while it is in the cell phone pouch of my briefcase.  it works great with my old school tape deck car adapter; there are even specific audio settings for use with speakers, car adapters, etc.  the menu is a little funky, but i have yet to mistakenly advance a song while trying to up the volume.  the screen is clear and i love the option that lets you see how much time is left in a track.       other reviews posted since i bought the product have really slammed the product for its not supporting the 2.1 firmware.  my player has the 1.1 firmware and i have no intention of attempting to upgrade after hearing those horror stories.  i'm not sure of the benefit of 2.1, but as of right now it does not seem worth the gamble.  i want to note that the samsung website includes instructions on how to install the firmware.  written in some pretty rough konglish, they instruct you to remove the battery when upgrading along with some other specific steps.  i'm not sure whether those installing the the firmware would have followed these instructions or not.  i have also read that the 1 gb version has trouble dealing with a great number of folders, plus 40 or so.  i assume this would hold true of this 512mb version as well.  personally, i have experienced no bugs.   since it's my first mp3 player, i resisted the 5 star rating.  that said, i would be surprised if a comparable iriver or creative impressed me as much as this little player has.  the display-less shuffle loses on paper alone.  with the tiny ipod nano (2gb-$200 and 4gb-$250) announced, flash players will probably make some nice advances over the coming months in terms of memory and displays.  at the moment, though, i am loving my $110 samsung mt6x.        ", 'i just got mine today and it is working out great so far. i was able to add my files in no time and started using it already. the best part is being able to drag drop all sort of files without having to install anything. the software that came with it can convert almost all video formats into the one required by the device. sound quality is great and video quality is excellent . have not tried the fm recording option yet though, will post more after i try it.  ', "i bought one of these to take back to the uk after my holiday in the usa, arrived back in the uk - powered the machine up - dead as a dodo. complained to samsung uk, they were not interested as i had lost the international warranty card. they offered to repair it at my expense or i could send it back to amazon, this latter option was not viable as i would have had to pay customs duty when the repaired or replacement item arrived in the uk so in effect i have a lightweight door-stop suitable for a doll's house or a door wedge. i will never buy another samsung product as the quality control and factory checking on my sample was apparently non-existent.   ", "after purchasing the apple ipod black 60gb last september 2005, i noticed that once the clear seal which protects the screen and ipod wheel was taken out, i found the surface to be very sensitive. the surface is succeptible to scatches easily. if you are planning to own this device, i suggest that you purchase adhesive plastic cover or ipod skin to protect your investment. other than that, the ipod 60gb is an amazing device that can fit approximately 20,000 songs depending on track lengths and mb size.   looking for new music? itunes, the desktop companion to the ipod, offers one or two free songs every monday online. want podcasts on your favorite topics? no problem, just use itunes search engine to see if it's available in the itunes website.   planning on using your ipod during long drives? purchase the ipod itrip which easily fits underneath your 60gb player. look for a clear station on your car stereo and start dancing or singing away!   ", 'very compact size/weight is great for clipping onto workout wear. easy to use..great sound..great little screen..good battery... love it !  ', "i had it for about a week.  had to reset it 20 times.  sending it back.  previously i had a samsung 5gb mp3 player.  never had this kinda problem or any problem for that matter.  i plugged in headset into the device and the screen went blank (white).  there was no volume and the function buttons stopped working.  i then attempted to reset the device, that did not work.  i had to let the device sit for about 30 min and it began working again.  then i went to creative's website thinking this was perhaps a software problem.  after updating the software (which the version was already current) the problem continued.  could not find a tech support telephone number on creative's website.  finally i contacted amazon and they are sending me another one.  after sleeping on it, i want a refund instead.    ", "why why why do companies always discontinue their bombproof, proven and reliable products in favor of the latest, greatest and inherantly buggy?  stupid move, creative.  this player is phenomonal.  the zen stone plus - it's presumed replacement - isn't even close.  sigh.   ", 'do not buy. all kinds of kinks, worst of all, could not load new music after 2 days!!! the usb cord just stopped working. this was a big expense for me and a total disappointment.  ', 'on the whole, this is a very affordable, very versatile mp3 player.    there are downsides however.  for one, the us and eu versions require that you use file-transfer software to load music, and do not allow you to drag-and-drop music onto the device.  that means you generally have to use the super-clumsy windows media player synchronization interface or the super-duper-unstable winamp portable media interface.  so, if you can, find a player that allows drag and drop media transfer.  the only other drawback i can see is the somewhat clumsy control scheme (which may just be symptomatic of smallish mp3 players).  there are 2 rows of buttons on opposite sides of the screen, and since the thing is almost completely symmetrical, it is very easy to confuse the two rows of buttons.  and even if you do manage to find the right button, they are sometimes rather difficult to press (at least for a clumsy-fingered person like myself).    otherwise this is a wonderful little mp3 player with great sound and a very reliable (if somewhat clumsy) firmware.  ', "i thought this was going to be great. it's light, sleek, i loved all the features.  but towards the end, it became a frustrating hassle.    janurary 2007: i received it.  then about two weeks later, the toggle switch that you use to navigate it broke off.  for the remainder of the time that i kept it, i had to navigate using my fingernail.    spring 2007: it froze.  it's okay, i just reset it.   august 2007: it froze.  but then when i reset it, it froze during loading.   september 2007: can't skip songs or change volume because it'll freeze.   fall/winter 2007: can't reset it when it freezes because it'll just freeze over and over.  i had to let it rest overnight and attempt to reset the next day.    december 2007: stopped using it.    it was awesome.  but i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.   ", "i bought this for one reason, and one reason only: size. many of the other mp3 players out there were larger and clunkier. i own a handspring visor deluxe and was going to use that as an mp3 player because of the aforementioned clunky sizes of other players. &quot;why spend money for something that's not much smaller?&quot; i thought. then, i stumbled across this baby... i read the specs and was admittedly not too impressed. 32 megs is not much, especially if you're going for full stereophonic 128 kbps sound. at that rate you could only get about half an hour of music - enough to go to the store, but not much more. of course, there was always the option of a memory card but those added to the cost. it looked like i was going to pass this player by until i saw one on sale at an un-named competitor of this fine site. at the price i saw it for, i had to take the chance... twenty four hours later, i'm still in awe. to begin with, just seeing the darn thing gives you a swell feeling. it's tiny, i mean tiny. it made my wife proclaim it to be &quot;cute.&quot; in such a small package i was expecting so-so sound at best. not true. it is super duper. the built-in equalizer is servicable enough, and it takes a quick press o' the button to change settings. so i was hooked on the sound and size, there was only the capacity issue to consider... then i rememberd my good friend db poweramp music converter (search for it on the web). this sweet program lets you convert current mp3's to lame or blade mp3's with a smaller bit rate. smaller bit rate means smaller size. smaller size means less space on the 32 meg memory, which translates into more sound. lovely. some will decry encoding anything to less than cd (128 kbps) sound, but pah i say. i was born and raised on analog and a little less crispness in my music is actually preferred. the human ear can barely discern the difference between 80 and 128 kbps recordings anyway, so why bother? at 80 kbps i can squeeze about 50 minutes or so of music into that 32 megs. not bad. not bad at all. after i buy a 64 or 96 meg card, i'll be waltzing back and forth to work with only my tiny kazoo as my companion. beautiful. if you are reading this and thinking either &quot;what in hades is he talking about?&quot; or &quot;that is way to much bother for listening to some music!&quot; please reconsider! it takes only a few minutes (even for you 56 k types) to download db poweramp and a few more to convert the mp3's to lower bitrates. trouble? nah. at least not for the payoff. sweet music for a sweet price. did i mention it's tiny and cute? buy this mp3 player and be a happy camper. it's a wonder.  ", "i don't know where to start with this thing. when i first got it i thought it was great, well other than the rediculously short battery life. unless you just play all your music non-stop and don't skip or choose songs (press any buttons) the toshiba won't last more than 4 or 5 hours at best listening to music alone. but the extremely short battery life becomes more and more annoying as you use the product. well i thought i could put up with that, and i did. but then it started placing album art from one artists to other artist's albums and even though when a song played it would list the proper artist as who the song would be by but it would be listed under another artist's album when you went to look for it. other times i would only put one song on the mp3 player by an artist and the artist would be listed twice along with the same song. so it became extremely frustrating to find and upload music on the toshiba gigabeat. then to top it off, it died on me one time while listening to it and then after recharging it i turned it back on and it automatically deleted all of the music and video files i had on it and i had to put them all back on one by one. the problems kept occuring so i decided to get an ipod and just give up on it. it's not worth the frustration and stress it causes. my advice is to stick with an ipod or maybe a creative.  ", "1) no ums (ie. does not appear as drive leter) - a pain as i can't double click a file on the player which i can see in windows explorer and hear it - i must copy it to pc 1st. btw m. okamoto, it deserves the bad rap it's getting about no ums - i hope samsung wake up & fix it in a new firmware release. 2) only found out about not having to install unwanted samsung media studio from amazon (which i'm grateful for) after installing it. 3) won't record from fm radio. 4) still beeps with hold on if accidentally push buttons - not logical (no i don't want to turn off beep completely)  mh   ", 'let\'s face it, you can\'t get something for nothing!  the san francisco chronicle recently exposed the real story behind the so-called "offers" that are continually being posted here.  do a search on google or on sfgate.com for "ipod not really free david lazarus" and you will see what the con artists running these programs are really up to.  in a nutshell, it\'s just another way for spammers and other sleazy people to steal your personal information.  ', 'this is the version of the creative nomad zen xtra with a faulty headphone jack. you want item model number 70pd055000032, not 70pd055000017. the other one is the same product, just manufactured at a later point and they have fixed the headphone jack problem. hope this helps.   ', "my primary reasons for buying were: 1) it was somewhat inexpensive, 2) it supported playing copy protected windows media (which to my surprise the zune did not), and 3) i was leaving the next day for an international trip and my previous media player had died.  my overall impression is this is just an okay product.  the positives include:  - easy to use user interface - good battery life - very light, which i appreciate when running - good support for audio formats  the negatives: - turns on at the slightest touch - hard to even put in your pocket without it turning on - very limited support for video formats - i had to buy a program to convert all my videos - small screen size makes video impractical - proprietary usb cable - profile is different from ipod, so get ready to buy all new accessories - expensive accessories (e.g. belt clip, carry case)  i would recommend this for people who don't want to spend more than $120 and are leaving the country the next day.  everyone else: keep looking.    ", '<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000az00eq/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/002-3327402-5617633">sony nw-e305 walkman bean 512 mb mp3 player white</a>  the product is excellent!!! i\'m fascinated whith it. i recommed to those who likes ear clear music and is easy to operate.  ', 'this mp3 players works just fine but i gave it a one star because it will format your smartmedia card so it can only be used with this mp3 player and there is no way to restore the card to its original formatting once you used it in this player.  i now have to purchase another smartmedia card for my digital camera because this ... mp3 player trashed my smartmedia card and d-link could care less.  ', "my zen nano's battery cover broke within 1 month of purchase date. the construction is very flimsy, and if you do your research before purchasing you will find that this is not an uncommon problem. i wish i would have researched a little more before i spent my money on it! :-(  i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.     ", 'after searching around and looking at other reviews of this product i decided it would be an excellent media player.  i purchase the product and was very pleased with how the product functioned.  after 8 days of casual use the product would not start up past the archos welcome screen.  after 3 attempts at getting the rma department to get my address information correct for a rma, i then sent the product in early jan 2006.  after a week i received an email from the service department to notify me that the repair would cost $80 without a proof of purchase (pop) within a year that it was received my their department.  no problem since the product broke after a week of use, so it was well within archos 1 yr warranty.  i first attempted to send the pop by email to the department without any luck.  i then faxed the pop to the rma department on four separate dates.  each time i called the rma department the status of my rma was still "waiting on pop."  i was told many times that rma department manager was looking into the issue and that he would call me back.  i began to get sick of hearing that a manager would call me back.  after several attempts to actually speak to one of these managers i finally talked to paul.  paul gave me his email address at archos so that i could email the pop directly to him.    paul also explained to me that the service department had been moved to another location.  this was the first time i had heard of this information.  he also explained that the service department had just started shipping out repaired items in the last couple of weeks.  this is april now.  no wonder the rma department was never getting my pop to the service department.  the service department did not exist at the time.  what kind of rma department has no idea that their service department is not operational?  also, what kind of company closes their service department to move it to another location?  archos.  so, i start to feel like things are going to be moving.  the next time i call the rma department i find that my product is fixed but has not been shipped out.  you would think that their service department would ship the items they\'ve had their inventory the longest, first.  not archos.  i\'m still waiting on my product.  that\'s right its now 11 may 2006.  my current status of my rma is that a archos rma department manager is looking into it and will call me back.  do not waste your time with this product.    ', "ok, i'm going to start off with the good things first...excellent amount of space for the price...radio on it...etc. bad things...it stops working like 4 months into using it. yeah, so this is my second mp3 player this year...i'm actually thinking about getting a good ole' fashion disk player to save myself the money.   simply put, you get what you pay for.   ", "anyone have trouble with your computer recognizing the usb connection with your mp3 player?  i have tried numerous times to get my computer to recognize the creative v100 (has the usb built in, no cord) and the computer simply does not see it.  after looking through creative's web forum, it appears i am not the only one with this problem with this unit.  i've reinstalled the software and even tried plugging the player in without software to see if my pc recognizes it and it doesn't.  i don't have any problems using my usb port when downloading from my digital camera.  i am curious if anyone has had trouble with the sandisk m250 2 gb.  ", "the navagation buttons are a little odd.  the music seemed to be glitchy, but  i think that was my software i was using.  it has been running fine for the last 6 months.  doesn't eat up batteries that bad.  i use it jogging and has a hold button which is nice.  ", 'i bought this product last week and found it to be simpily amazing there were only a few cons. 1. slightly bulky  2. case is ummm well i cant spell atrocious but thats close enough but the pros greatly outnumber the cons 1. massive storage 2. large 3.5 in screen 3. durable(i mean people are saying it breaks if you drop it duh drop an ipod it wont just break it shatters) 4. great battrie life 14 audio 5 video(and if your a music junkie like me i bought a spare battrie) 5. easy to control,buttons are easy to understand all in all a great product if you like movies and music with 20 gigs i currently have 17 movies on it with about 5 gigs left for music completly awsome although not quite small enough to fit in pocket if your a girl guys we have no problem remember bulge is good. its not quite a five but most defiantly not a 4. so the you have it i recomend this to people who dont mind a little bulk for a little buck ha ha i made a funny.... man im wierd  ', "i had purchased the network walkman after my ipod was stolen.  i had used the ipod and discovered all of its perks and downfalls.  the walkman, to me, is 10x as sexy and as functional.  the only downfall is the digital equalizer, which doesn't help the sounds quality whatsoever.  what you need is a good pair of headphones.  the songs go on a lot easier than the ipod's music match and itunes.  my problem at the moment is finding an fm transmitter as good as the itrip.  buy this product, it comes in your favorite color.  ", 'this mp3 player is very user friendly and easy to follow directions for getting started.  also love the clip on.   ', 'it is very flimsy.  i ordered 2.  one of them didn\'t work at all from the get-go.  i was able to get a return authorization  for a replacement (item comes with a "6 month warranty"  ha!) well it has been 2 months now and no response.  i\'ve e-mailed several times- no response.  i\'ve called customer service and all i get is a voice mail.  and no, they don\'t call back.  guess what?  they were slow but sent me a brand new player. both are working fine (so far) so i\'ll go step back and give it 2 and a half stars.   but do not go to wal mart to download music because wal-mart\'s protection label won\'t work with this player, so you can\'t play the music.  ', "good bang for the buck! so far pretty good at doing what i wanted. hooked it up to my old auto cassette player with one of those cheap adapters and walla: tons of music to enjoy. i'm sure there are fancier units for a much higher price.  not one for reading/following instructions but had it up and running within an hour after charging. it's been relatively easy to navigate the knobology. can't understand why the docking intreface on all these mp3 players can not be standardized. it must be apple and their proprietary cultural ways.  that's the only con i've found so far..as far as i know there are limited docking venues for the irivers.   ", "i really like the product, its very simple and nice to use. comes with everything you need to use it, no buying extra things. i love the color screen and the radio, and even the text reader is good keeping work out routines.  you can't go wrong with it.  ", 'update:   the player freezes with no sound and with the screen on (displaying album artwork), at random times and for no apparent reason. one of my two units had to be reset so many times that it can no longer be reset: it feels like that internal pad you press on with a sharp pin has now disappeared (it must have broken off). our only recourse now is to wait 3 days for the battery to run dead, and hope that it will be reset simply by recharging it from scratch. we\'ve only had this unit since august (it\'s now december), so i no longer feel the reliability level of this product is sufficient to justify its purchase. buy something else that doesn\'t have to be reset all the time!     i bought the 2 gb model because it had the largest flash memory of any unit that works with the napster-to-go subscription, so it can store the largest number of songs and color photographs. the 1 gb version is identical except for the amount of installed flash memory.  why did i choose to buy a flash memory based mp3 player? compatible hard drive models with much larger storage capacity abound, but i figure they\'ll break prematurely because they use a hard drive that can\'t withstand much jogging, accidental bumping or dropping.  i bought two of the players plus the separately sold ac wall charger, and attached one of them to the wall charger for 6 hours, while i attached the other one to a usb port on my pc to charge it for 6 hours.  at the end of 6 hours, the unit attached to the pc was fine until i unplugged it, then it went comatose and would not even revive when the reset button was pushed several times. i had to exchange it for a replacement unit just two days after buying it.  the unit attached to the wall charger was fine, and i went on to load it up with music using my napster-to-go subscription. that was fine until 2 weeks later, when my wife charged it on a pc using the usb cable. after charging and disconnecting from the pc, it too went comatose.  this time i was able to revive it by pushing the reset button.  then i took a look at the other unit, which had been charging on the ac wall charger. it had also gone comatose, and i was able to revive it by pushing its reset button.  the reset button is inside a tiny hole on the left edge of this unit. you can find it by following the thin groove that\'s below the screen all the way to the left edge of the unit, where you\'ll find it on the side. the picture in the manual does not accurately depict its location.  the hole leading to the reset button is very, very small. the instructions say to penetrate that hole with a pin.  i used the sharp end of a safety pin to do this. when the pin is inserted, it\'s quite easy to miss the reset button unless the pin is inserted at exactly the right angle. you\'ll know it\'s not at the right angle if you don\'t feel that you\'re pushing on a pad with a spring behind it when you reset the unit. that pad travels a short distance until it\'s stopped by a control surface inside the unit; that\'s when you know it has been reset.  the reset system should be redesigned so that it doesn\'t depend on the angle you insert the pin to work. i suspect that the first unit i returned could have been reset if i had known that you have to insert the pin at just the right angle to do it. since i didn\'t know, my several attempts to reset it were not successful.  resetting the unit is akin to rebooting a pc: it revives it when the internal software (called "firmware") has frozen by restarting the software. it does not erase your songs or photos.  make no mistake: this mp3 player looks, feels and works beautifully. however, since the firmware is newly designed, it appears to have bugs relating to disconnecting it from usb or charger power that cause it to freeze, and the reset button is a little hard to use if you don\'t know about the things i described above that could cause you to be unable to reset it. you may just end up with a unit that\'s frozen and not be able to reset it.  it needs to be a little more user friendly than that. hopefully a future firmware update will be available that will lower the occurrence of the unit locking up (freezing), especially when disconnecting from a usb port or ac charger after recharging it. as another user noted, the "safe disconnect" icon is often times not even in the system tray.  if you don\'t subscribe to napster-to-go, your options to get content for your mp3 player are to transfer your favorite songs from cds you own to your hard disk ("ripping the songs"), or purchase songs one track or album at a time, at a price ranging from 88 to 99 cents per song from sites like napster, rhapsody or walmart.  you can also download books you want to listen to (such as best sellers and classics) or "podcasts" (your favorite newspapers read aloud, or your favorite radio programs like npr) from a plethora of sites (like netlibrary and audible) that make these available, to your computer\'s hard drive. now you can listen to your music, audible books and podcasts over your pc loudspeakers while sitting at your pc.  then you can transfer your songs, audible books and podcasts from the hard drive of your pc to your mp3 player(s). this enables you to take your mp3 player with you to enjoy listening in your car, in your office, while jogging or working out at the gym, while shopping, or at the pool or the beach to hear your music, audible books and podcasts anywhere.   ', "this is possibly the greatest mp3 player/video player i have ever used. i did a lot of research before i purchased and played with many a device before i settled on the archos gmini 402. the only complaint that i have is that you have to wear the headphones if you want to hear the sound from a video. that is the only reason that i gave this player 4 stars instead of 5 (mainly because i couldn't give it a 4 1/2). if you are looking for a well rounded mp3 player with video and photo capabilities, this is the one.  ", "bought the zen nano plus for my 13 year old son. i am pleased to say it was an excellent choice, as it's very easy to load with music and to use the controls. the sound quality rivals the best of players. and most of all my son loves it. some of his friends who have ipods even envy his player! bravo to creative for bringing us a great product at an affordable price!  ", "i thought i was getting a great deal considering i didn't have to pay gor the 1g jump drive(work provided). the first player i got broke within 2 weeks. the earphone jack completey fell into the player. so amazon gets me another out right away and now it's not reading the jump drive correctley. i'm gonna try to reformat it but it looks like i could be sending it back again. the company needs to do a better job with this.  ", 'i was looking for a flash mp3 player that would work well for audio books.  i had briefly thought of buying the new apple shuffle, but realized that it really wouldn\'t suit my purposes well (who\'d want to accidentally hit the "shuffle" button in the middle of war and peace?).    this one is excellent.  i signed up for audible, and downloaded a couple of books.  the cool thing is that if you start to listen to one track, and then flip to a different one, it remembers where you were on the first track -- very cool.  i was able to listen to my wodehouse book, and pass it on to my bored 8-old to listen to an interview with lemony snicket, then flip back and pick up my book right where i was.  it\'s very small, and the nice holster clips easily onto my jeans pocket.  with 512mb, it has plenty of space -- i\'ve already put about 9 hours worth of material on it, and barely made a dent in the available space.  the only complaint i have is that while it has a place to slip on a lanyard, it does not come with one.  a fairly minor complaint.  all in all -- a great player.  ', "love it. got it about 4months ago. use it all the time when i go running. and it has a radio function so i can listen to the tv's at the gym when i'm there. it's economical, little, cute, and does it's job. very easy to upload music onto there. it also has a voice recording function, but i don't use that too much. if you plan on using this alot, i def recommend getting some rechargable batteries. very happy with this purchase.    ", 'i bought this player for 2 reasons. one, my son had a similar, smaller version that he was very happy with. second, i wanted a small flash player device that would work with rhapsody and their rhapsody to go service. initially the player performed well. i was syncing about 90 songs which consisted of subscription and mp3s from my own cd collection. after i added a second playlist which was mostly subscription music, the player froze up. at first, i thought i had tried to sync too much music, but i was well under the 1 gig limit at 650 meg. so, i started doing all the usual things to reset the device (pop the battery, hit different control key combinations, etc.). but everytime i turned it on, it froze on the sandisk screen which is the initial screen. after 1.5 weeks of working with sandisk support, they decided to have me ship it back and they would send a new unit. the new unit arrived and things worked well for one day then the unit started to stop playing after each song and freeze. popping the battery would unfreeze this time and i was able to follow technical support instructions by reformatting the device using windows media player and resyncing with rhapsody. after the resync, the device froze again and now i cannot reset. i suspect that the problem has something to do with the rhapsody service and the "play for sure" code, but that is only speculation. if i can\'t get my money back, i will try to get another unit and only sync it with mp3s. if that fails, i will crush it underneath the tires of my car and call it a day.  ', 'i bought this mp3 player just after christmas. it worked great at first but slowly the battery started to fail. eventually, it would not hold a charge at all, i would let it charge all night and it would only run for about 15 seconds before powering down.  i called philips and was told it only had a 3 month warranty. a $100 plus mp3 player and it only lasts for a few months?  ', 'i must say, after owning an ipod mini which i loved despite it\'s quirks (ie. clickwheel simply didn\'t respond in some areas due to being packed in a pocket with all my other junk for some time) then buying the nano because everyone else seemed to love them. promptly i broke the screen (ok, i\'m hard on stuff), sending it back, getting it back(two weeks later), then after two more weeks the battery wouldn\'t hold a charge (hmm, overcharging over usb?, well maybe) then doing the return/recieve thing again, then putting it in a "protective case" only to find when i pulled it out the whole thing was covered in scratches, from the case!! (screen really was fixed though, no more cracks, just scratches).   at that point i figured, oh well, i\'ve spent more on less before and started to shop around. i found the microphoto fell in love with it (i actually prefer the fact that it is larger, way easier to hold). me, being the compulsive consumer i am forked out the cash right there and then. brought it home and wow, it can tune into fm stations, that was an annoying little bauble i had to plug in to my docking port before, thus making the nano bigger and adding leverage to a wee little connector. then boom, you mean i can record those lectures that i usually tune out of because the girl that sits next to me is hot!?!   then boom, when i plug it into my pc, windows recognizes it as a removable harddrive right from the start, my backup program asks me if i\'d like to create a new profile for it and outlook says "would you like to sync your calendar to portable device?". now i\'m thinking, why did i ever like apple products?  then it hits me, i can\'t use itunes, my trusty friend. it was so easy to sync my music and i worry, will this be a problem? then i open windows media player (which, if you have a sound system like mine, you will know actually produces better output than itunes, thus making it my default music player even during my ipod days, plus it plays dvds) low and behold, there is my zen again, just waiting for some audio goodness to be transferred (unbelivably fast i must say, less than one second per song).  then comes the moment of truth, what does it sound like with my 500 watt thx certified logitech sound system plugged into the headphone jack. it sounds good, way better than the nano or the mini (which both sounded identical i might add, same audio processor in both, anyone who says different is a victim of their own mind) the navigation is different, going up and down rather than round-and-round, but not all that bad, especially when you find that little touchpad sensitivity setting. after precisely one month of use i am now a creative touchpad pro, nothing can stop me!  not only does the battery keep it\'s charge, (by the way, new firmware seems to fix the short battery life thing, had the same issue and now she gives\'r for a good 12hrs) but hey, i can buy a new one for 20 bucks and replace it myself! i never bought any music on itunes, but i can\'t imagine it being any easier than msn music, seems to work good, and i can play my girlfriend\'s songs from rhapsody, not limited to apple (or microsoft for that matter) music files.  ya, it isn\'t as "chic" as the nano, or as popular as the mini was, but it is a heck of a lot better. i loved my ipods, but i see now my eyes were closed to the truth, there is life beyond a clickwheel, and it is much better.i get a whole boat of features you have to pay extra for in an ipod, which consequently makes the devices rather irritating to operate. (and why oh why did apple put that little headphone jack on the bottom of the player? everything else seemed to fit just fine)  best of all, when i whip out my zen, people at my university actually look and say "whoa, that looks cool" rather than "dude, you got one too, sweet". and though i will never ever use 8gb of music, i do have some rather sensitive databases backed up on the player as a tertiary backup (three harddrives, two mirrored, one important files only, one removable disc and now the zen) that works with existing backup utilities, on any computer (windows based i would assume).  now, you make you\'re decision.  ', "le me start by saying this is not a bad mp3 player.  in fact, it's quite nice when i'm traveling or sitting around in a quiet place.  but!!! if that's what you are looking for then buy the sonicblue rio s10 64 mb mp3 player and save a few bucks.  i have ran, rode a mountain bike, rollerbladed and hiked with the s10 and s30 and the s30 is nothing more than the s10 with a velcro-strap. <p>why not the s30 for sports?  first, it's not water/weather resistant.  sonic could have easily made it so there was a plastic protector over the usb/head-phone port....which by the way, is on the top of the player so don't sweat with it next to your body or with it on the armband and don't expose to a light mist or rain....it will malfunction!!!  second, the arm band is just a velcro-strap.  got to the dollar store and buy one for the s10.  third, the plastic cover is cumbersome and practically useless.  it doesn't protect the player like the thick one that comes with the s10 and it restricts your ability to access volume/menu buttons.  fourth, i changed the equalizer settings and every time i turn it on, the music is muffled until i go back to the equalizer settings menu.  that may be a problem with my player.<p>things that are okay: the earphones are fine, the volume is good, the software is super-user friendly, the music doesn't skip.<p>summary: great player if you are into liesure or indoor sports, but if that's the case, go with the lower priced s10. i exchanged the s10 for the s30 only to get a more durable, sport-friendly model and it's definitely not the case.  ", "unfortunately,my creative zen v2 did not worked with my system. i even bought a new pc to see if the creative would work at all, but it didn't happened! please don't bother to buy this product, buy a sansa e200 it much simpler and easy to use! i end up returning the product back to amazon because it was obviously very defective!!!  i hope my review was helpful to you. -milly  ", "my son wanted an mp3/video player that wasn't an ipod, and had a large screen.  the archos 605 seemed like a great choice.  my research revealed some positive reviews/feedback, and plenty of negative feedback and horror stories.  i wanted to believe the good reviews... but shouldn't have!  within 48 hours of receiving the unit for christmas, it had frozen.  we stepped through the recovery procedures on the screen, but nothing worked.  we returned it to amazon.  amazon handled the return extremely well.  stay away from this product!!!  ", 'i\'m looking at this jazzy 60 gb ipod with video playback, but i have a problem.  about 16 months ago, i bought a 40 gb wheel ipod and loved it. but just over a year after buying it i had difficulty in getting the ipod to charge. so i paid apple $65 for the battery replacement service and sent my ipod off. nearly three weeks passed, without hearing anything from apple, so i called apple customer service. after waiting on the telephone for 25 minutes i got a customer service rep who, after finding my record, reported that there was nothing wrong with the battery, but there was a hardware problem, and that in order to get it fixed, i would have to pay $265.  "it would be cheaper to buy a new one," my customer service rep said.  so naturally, i thought about upgrading to the new video apple. but i have a problem:  what do i do with the piece of junk that my first ipod turned into?  and there is an additional potential problem: what happens if i spring for $400 for the upgraded apple, and that turns into a piece of junk?  the lesson learned (the tough way) is this:  apple turns out junk and then doesn\'t stand behind its product.  the ipod is a nifty creation, but if it doesn\'t work for more than a year, it isn\'t worth a damn. and if apple itself doesn\'t stand behind their products, then one has to wonder whether buying an apple product is a wise investment. from my experience, apple is more concerned with its profit margins then supporting the products it does produce.  ', "lots of memory in a compact size and easy to navigate. must connect to computer to delete unwanted items.  i'm listening to audio books with 1 hour tracks and it doesn't always go back to where i stopped when i turn it off, but for listening to music it's great.  ", "it stores a lot of music and photos, and fits in your pocket.  i'm a musician, so i can't live without my music; however, anyone who loves listening to music will enjoy it.  as with any other ipod, you can have everything you want to hear, whenever you want it, without carrying cds.  the photo feature is also really cool.  i've had it for over a year and it's been working flawlessly!!!    ", 'if i could give it a zero i would. i got it for christmas and tried to charge it, after 5 minutes of charging it said &quot;battery full&quot;. so, i unplug it and try to turn it on and nothing happens. i repeat this process for hours. finally it works and i unplug it and turn it on, and it bursts open the case just comes off. i am now trying to fix the situation. what i am trying to say is buyer beware.<p>                             frustrated consumer  ', 'the mp3 player is great, but i was dissapointed when i received it. the description of the player read, that it was, a fm and voice recorder and what i received was only a voice recorder. i gave it to my wife to use it to download music. as for the fm recorder that i need , i will get it in person at the local electronic store.  ', 'i bought this player, kept it 3 days and returned it. i played it a lot to try to believe the frustration was because of my fault since it was my first mp3 player. the 3 day\'s highly densed experience told me the machine was bad. i didn\'t do anything wrong to it.   i have to say this machine looks good, and this was actually an important reason why i bought it. i found i can\'t build a play list soon after i got this machine. i followed the user manual. but the machine didn\'t show what it was supposed to show. i had no idea about why. i accepted it, i hoped i would figure it out later. the next day a more serious problem appeared. the machine showed "unsupported data" for some playbacks and skiped them. when this was first shown, i thought it might be because i didn\'t copied the playbacks from my cd correctly and didn\'t care about it. the third day this problem became worse. when it played some the playbacks which it had played many time in the last two days it still showed unsupported data. finally it skiped the whole album. i mean it stoped playing the album that it already played many times. i thought to delete all files and reload them may help, although it was troublesome. i didn\'t want to make a judgment to a new thing so quickly. that doomed. as soon as i pluged the usb line to the machine, the machine showed "system error" and stoped doing anything. no matter what and how i pushed buttons and clicked computer kayboard, the machind had absolutely no reaction. it died, for ever. i returned it then.  i didn\'t say anythig about the  minor shortcomings of which the machine has a lot. other people may not think those are unacceptable. i\'m sure nobody likes a music player whinch doesn;t play music. look back my experience to this machine. i found only one postive thing about it, it looks cool. i give it two stars rather than zero because i might be unlucky, received a problematic machine, the normal machines can be better.  ', "this is a great little player.  all of the songs are very clear sounding.  we couldn't use napster though, it kept saying that it wasn't compatible.  the headphones aren't comfortable either, which is a minor thing.  my son has this player too, and he thinks it's great.  ", 'works just like you would want a tiny mp3 player to work.  very well laid out unit.  i am very happy!  ', 'good quality sound. holds up to 3,000 songs and still has an f.m. radio. also this baby coms with a built in mic so u are able to record lectures and also record off the radio. i would definitly get this over an ipod mini.  ', "where to start? i've bought a lot of different mp3 players. in fact, you might say i'm obsessed with them. i also have friends who have ipods. (bah!) the only good thing about ipods is the wide variety of accessories you can get for them. this little zen beats them all, hands down! i'll start with the list of cons since there are so few.  cons:  touchy buttons. (even with senitivity turned on low, but easy to get used to, and there is a hold button) can't view photos and listen to music at the same time. (?) has ability to record, but has no line in.  pros: (and this will be quite a list!)  plays wave,mp3,and wma as well. (i have everything in wma) bass booster option. smart volume option. sound quality is great. i've read complaints about the bass boost being distorted. turn on the smart volume and the disortion goes away. crisp clean treble as well. smart volume also adjust for different record levels. (quite nice) 5 band graphic eq, as well as plenty of presets. 8 gigs holds tons of music and photos. very small. (fits in pocket comfortably) works as an external hard dirve, and lets you decide how much space to use for this. (128mb upto 4gigs) uses a standard 2.0 usb cord. (big advantage) charge battery while you put music or photos on it. not only is the battery rechargeable, but also replaceable. (you can buy extras for long trips) screen looks bright and clear from any angle. main menu is very customizable. (options, wallpaper,and colors) easy to navigate. almost no gap between songs. (good for pink floyd albums) built in microphone. seems to record pretty well. has a calender where you can store reminders and events. not so important, but it really looks cool! not a bad price for all it does.  last words: at first i didn't like the fact that you have to use software to transfer files, but now i see why. i have other mp3 players that are plug and play. it takes them a minute or so to boot up. not this baby. turn it on and it's ready to go in less than 3 seconds. the software updates the player when you close the program so that it doesn't have to boot up.  i'm not the kind of person who likes to read manuals, and with this player, i didn't have to. it's almost too easy to use, and yet full of features. i've also read complaints about the software. if you know how to navigate windows, then software will be easy to use, and it works well. i've only had it for 3 days, so i'm sure there are things i'm forgetting or haven't found yet. but it just keeps getting better. has more features than i dreamed it could.  bottom line: buy what you want, but the zen micro is better!   ", "it is good if you have internet than you can download the stuff, else, you can't  ", 'i had some concerns proir to purchasing this after reading reviews on the amazon, newegg and other websites.  it appears you\'ve got a 50-50 chance of getting a good one.  i took a chance and got the lemon.  i lost all confidence when i finally got though to the rca techies, and their response was "yeah, these have issues, not really sure why".    having to carry around a toothpick to reboot this everytime it freezes is not my idea of a quality product.  not that i use this often, maybe an hour a day, if that but when the backlight gave out, it was time to send back.  kudos to amazon\'s return policy and i\'ll take the refund to purchase something else.      ', 'a high-tech piece of junk! i was very impressed with it when i first got it in the mail. after a couple of weeks, while trying to transfer some music files on it, the device just went dead and would not re-start. make sure you  consider the risks before deciding to purchase it.  ', 'the creative zen nano plus 1gb is a relatively cheap no-frills player in a market space crowded with expensive more fully featured devices.  - uses batteries, avoiding issues/problems with recharging  - relatively easy to download music files to using windows media player - excellent sound quality  a very nice, handy entry-level player i would recommend to anyone.     ', "revolutionary product - the only negative is the software.  although you won't use windows media player to install the music, you must not have wmp version 11 (you can have v.10) on your computer to download music into the shoqbox.  versatility and sound is 5 star.  ", 'the first time out of the box, the weight from the usb cord pulled it off the table onto the ground and that was the end of my zune.  ', "i bought this for audiobooks that we download from our local libray. they are wma format, and the zune says that it plays wma files, but when i tried to transfer it wouldn't work. after deeper reasearch i discovered that it will indeed play wma files, but only if you buy them from the zune store. it seemed like a good player but i returned it right away, so i didn't get a chance to explore it. i bought a creative zen and it is sweet and played all my files perfectly, including the audiobooks.  ", "yep - <br>quick story:<br>bought on the day after thanksgiving.  returned a week later.<p>longer story:<br>although the there are a couple good points, there are many more bad ones.<p>good - pretty sharp screen for size, nice recording features (has straight rca in and rca out), on the whole nice set of accessories (although the leather case is ridiculous), lots of space (20gigs)<p>bad - slowest os i think i've ever seen on a portable - it will randomly say &quot;saving settings to hard drive&quot; and pause for a good 30sec - 1 min, takes around 10-20 seconds to start playing each song or movie, cumbersome controls (if you want to use it as a convenient mp3 player, you have to hold it in two hands and go through the whole interface any time you want to change a song), can't browse through songs while one is playing, can't create playlists on the unit itself, start up time to record video is variable (from 10seconds to over a minute) so if you're trying to record anything off tv, its tricky to time the starting, audio lags on recorded video after 10 to 15 minutes (loses sync - gotta love watching mouths move and the words coming out after like a poorly dubbed foreign film), leather case is bulky and pretty much impractical short of keeping it &quot;safe&quot; for storage (who wants that on their belt?!), only .avi movie files recorded with mpeg-4 video and mp3 audio codecs can be used (plus the asf format it uses to record), and finally, the most annoying thing - half of the features in the os come up with an annoying message saying &quot;feature is not available, look for in future upgrades at www.rca.....&quot;<p>overall - rca rushed this out to capture the xmas market long before it should have.  while the video is relatively clean and a good step for portables in general, the negatives greatly overshadow it.  trust me, i loved the idea of video, and if all you're looking for it that, this could (could) be somewhat useful, assuming you're patient enough.  however, if you have any plans of using it for music also, and don't have unlimited patience every time you want a new song, this is not the one.  i ended up taking mine back and getting a beautiful new 3rd gen ipod last night, and while there's no video - wow, every accolade apple has gotten for this is warranted (and this is coming from a very anti-apple/mac, die-hard pc guy)<p>and as a note to those who say the new firmware fixed problems, i'd just like to say that i had the newest upgrades for both the software and the lyra itself, and i still had all these issues  ", 'sure this product worked well the first time i used it, i uploaded 1300 or so songs in a half an hour i was very impressed by it. fast forward to the next time i try to sync music onto it. im on day 2 of trying now and everytime i plug it into the usb port almost instantly the player freezes. the memory is about 1/4 of the way full and to say that im p.o.ed would be an understatement. im never going to buy an iriver product again and if customer support cant provide me with an answer i will be returning this product very soon. for almost 200 dollars the quality of the product should be a little bit higher. take pride in the products you make and dont expect the public to handle you providing faulty devices in mass quantity  ', "this mp3 player is small,it sounds good and has some great features.  it has everything the more expensive brands have.  i called them to check out the warranty and they said, if anything goes wrong within 12 months that they will repalce it for free.  sounded like a good deal and it works well. i'm happy with the decision i made.    ", "i've own one of these before and went back to buying another one. great product and very user-friendly.  ", 'nobody has clearly articulated what exactly about the ipod mini makes it better than this product.  i have visited multiple websites, and for virtually every new hard-drive-based mp3 player i find, there are always user reviews that smash the new player and say something like "just go buy an ipod!"  apple apparently has built up a very nice following of brainwashed consumers.  it is unlikely that you will ever get the best products just by sticking with one company.  what is the conjunctive probability that each successive product release will be without flaws or that the company isn\'t having turnover in the r&d department (or making bad management decisions)?  apple never was involved with a lot of audio products until the ipod.  i have owned some kind of creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support.  of course, some were better than others, and i probably could have gotten a better sound card from another company at some point.  the main issue now is that this new zen micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  it beats apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and i personally like its interface more than the ipod scroll wheel.  further, the tech specs suggest that it has better audio quality than the ipod.  it may be that the next creative product is complete junk, but you should make product decisions based on product attributes now, not based on a halo effect of an idealized company (apple) or other pointless loyalties.    ', 'its a pretty good mp3 player overall, no real problems except the little plastic latch on the back that holds the battery on seams to break easy so be carefull with it.  it holds a decent amount of songs and plays pretty loud, and comes with the small inner ear head phones which make your music louder, but can be uncomfterable sometimes.  ', "this has got to be the worst mp3 that i have ever used.  i purchased it refurbished thinking it was a great deal at $82, but was i ever wrong.  it takes forever to transfer songs.  i am guess 1 minute per song.  the battery life lasts only about 4 hours.  when charging, the unit can not be turned off and that gets very annoying.  the software is the worst i've ever seen.  it uses music match juke box.  the software makes me rename all my mp3 files unless i pay for the upgrade.  what the hell is that?  i purchased a product, i expect it to work without having to pay for more.  playlist created on music match can not be transfered to the unit unless you want to transfer the songs again.  it takes forever to create a playlist with the songs on the unit.    i will never buy an mp3 player from philips again.  i will never buy a player that uses music match juke box.  i suggest you guys don't too.  it is like burning money.  ", "after checking quite a few mp3 player reviews, i decided to buy this one, since the reviews were overwhelmingly positive and because i like its size and look. i found it very easy to install and use. i get songs from emusic and their files move easily and quickly into the player. i also used the software to encode from a cd, no sweat; both the player and the software are easy to figure out. i organize the songs into folders and change the titles ( abbreviate+ give a number to the track)to be able to locate the tracks quickly. most important to me, as the other reviewers say, it sounds great ( i encode at 220 b/s,  gladly sacrificing quantity to quality). i bought the extended warranty, just in case, but it doesn't seem flimsy. it's probably a good idea to be gentle with the buttons and battery cover, though. the radio sounds good too and catches a lot of stations, a nice addition ( just wish it had am too). the earbuds are large but sound good. the problem with the backlight making a sound must have been fixed, i didn't notice any, good, i wouldn't want to disable it, it looks cool and is useful. i'm looking forward to hours of musical pleasure with this pretty object.   ", "basically this is a cheap item that should not be purchased. you can spend a little more and get a nicer and better equipped item. i bought this for my young daughter to download only minimal amounts of music so i thought for the price, this would be fine. however, it simply would not download songs. it continually 'locked up'. when it would finally download, the ear piece had static throughout. finally, upon downloading  one cd, you were forced to erase that cd to download another. i have sent this back to the manufacturer for a refund. upon telling the salesperson about my reasoning for returning the product, there was no questions. this is probably commonplace for this product.   ", 'my husband bought this mp3 player for me as a birthday present. it\'s a whopping 5 gb player and you\'d have to put down at least $250 if you want an ipod with comparable storage. it holds an amazing number of songs and i especially like the recorder feature. it\'s great for undergraduate and graduate students because you can record lectures and listen to music with one little device! both the device and the software are straightforward and easy to use. i agree with the other reviewer because it is a tiny bit annoying that you can only create playlists when you\'re hooked up to the software, but it\'s really a minor flaw and definitely not a big enough problem that i wouldn\'t recommend it to others. even if i hadn\'t been biased against ipods before this because of their ridiculous marketing strategies ("buy our products because they look cute and come in flashy colors! never mind if they\'re quality products or reasonably priced!"), i still would have thought this product was 10x more efficient and reasonable.  my only complaint is that mine broke easily. i see that others reviewers have dropped it multiple times with no problems, so i guess i got the token dud. i only had it for a few months and i dropped it once at the grocery store, and now it\'s broken and unresponsive to anything i do.  here\'s my personal plea: it looks brand new on the outside and i hate to buy a new mp3 player for $100 when i know there\'s someone/someplace out there that can fix it. i checked rio\'s website and they no longer fix their players, so does anyone know of other companies with websites that i can check with? if not, do you have any general suggestions as to where i could start? any type of stores or business that might offer this service? thanks and i\'d appreciate any help!  ', "great mp3 player for its cost. it has good sound quality and almost nothing serious thats bad about it. the mp3 player i would actualy say is to small, if it where bigger it would be more durable and herder to lose. i wouldn't have droped it as many times if it was bigger,so far i've droped it five times on hard tile floor and it hasn't broken so it realy durable. i made a list of pros and cons. pros -great price -long battery (13+ hours) -great sound quality sound quaility -nice microphone/recording feature -it comes with a great converter that can convert your songs to 64 kbps .wma files making the average song half the size. -fast transfer rate -extreamly small *not sure if thats a pro or a con* (even smalller then the size description made it sound) cons -the screen is small and not real high quality but that dosen't effect the music -i've looked hard to find a case for my mp3 and they don't seem to sell them and i drop this mp3 a lot. -the free head phones are average for free head phones (not very good) -it took me awhile to find how to transfer songs the correct and not extreamly slow way but, they transfered very fast once i found how to do it with there software. and by the way as all the other reviews say there is no fm tuner so yes this mp3 player is great and i would recomend it. 4/5 stars.  ", 'overall the device performed well, though i never got to put it through a long term test. after connecting to my pc, the device would sync about 25% of the time and simply shut down the other 75% of the time, requiring me to disconnect it and stick a paper-clip in the reset hole.     ', "i've owned this rio carbon for about two years. the interface with various windows versions (i've gone through several since buying this) is very poor, the actual software program that comes with this rio is rudimentary and that is almost a compliment. the unit itself is prone to fits of all kinds including restarting without reason, not shutting off, taking very long to turn on, etc. for any problems that you may encounter, don't count too much on the customer service. it's free only for the first 90 days and even during that time, it's pretty much useless. there is not much else that they can tell you that is not already written on their website which is meant to say, the several serious problems that this player encounters point in only one direction - it is, by nature, unreliable. avoid it! there are much better options out there these days.  ", 'earphones fall apart in about 4 weeks, wire length for earphones is way too short to even place in a pocket, easily gets scratched, easily gets dented, hard to navigate, cheap menues, dont buy it or else youll regret it.  ', 'honest came very fast. has alot of space. perfect no damage in good condition.  ', "i got this to replace my xtra 30gb. it's pretty much a good substitute.  the sound on this thing is great. unfortunately the headphone creative ships with it suck and don't do it justice at all so you will definitely want to invest in a pair of good headphones to go with it.   it's a little smaller than the xtra and i guess it looks a little better. unfortunately the little dial  you used to navigate around the menus has been replaced by a touch pad. this takes a while to get used to and still is hard for me to get right on the song i want on first try. although going into the options and reducing the sensitivity of the touch pad helps with this, also, there a lot of menus to navigate through. to me new interface is an example of trying to fix something that wasn't broken and actually making it worse. you can transfer music quickly and easily, vista downloads the right driver instantly and the battery holds a long charge  this is a nice player for about $100 on the whole. the sound is by far the most important thing to me on an mp3 player and the creative players all sound great. its 40gb capacity is also nice to backup a lot of music or use it as a little portable hard drive. with all the benefits i can live with the slightly irritating interface and menus.      ", 'this is an awesome mp3 player. came with earphones, arm band (perfect for the workouts in a dark gray color), rubber whitish clear clip case, audio connector, usb, battery and software cd.  great for working out.  easy to learn! drag and drop from explorer to load mp3s. pink is a hot pink more than the color shown here.   i did lots of research before choosing an mp3 player and my friend who has the scandisk 1g is jealous.  great buy and the delivery came to me in 2 days even though it said 7 days shipping!  ', "i went to bestbuy to purchase a 1gb shuffler (for running) and a regular ipod 30gb for my long commute everyday 2.5hr. the sales person recommended the sansa 260e, for $190 4gb and all the options it made sense for me to purchase it.....however file transfer was confusing (mcp mode all the songs displays unknown) while connected to usb can not use the sansa, also the unit comes with sample songs which it freezed the unit,  but it dose not have a reset button so you have to wait till battery drains. one good thing was video transfer was simple and worked. unfortunately i have to get the ipod but i'm glad i decided to purchase it locally vs. shipping  ", "well!! well!! well guys. what we need is a sleek, perfectly designed, aesthetically pleasing, great sounding player for music. thats what the latest ipod photo is. photos? thats a goodie. well what i am trying to say is, you cant compare it to any other mp3 players in the market. ipod is in a league of its own.  a device that does one thing perfectly and for long, is what we need. offcourse we could have a camera on it, a voice recorder may be, am/fm ow thats a must!!, cell phone? make it an organizer....how about a microwave? yea rrright... i have played with most of them.....iriver, zen, sony...the all in one paradigm of thought, eventually leaves us with none in one. being a hardware designer myself, i wouldnt buy an all in one device. take the ipod in your hand look at it, play it, use it...you will realize that this was created by a buncha cool dudes with passion for design, looks & music. they certainly had problems in their earlier versions. this device shows that they really have made an effort to overcome them to please you. not merely make it a 'throw in more' competition. i think i see a remarkable betterment in the quality and fedility of the music output. a 20g can hold a lot of songs in its stomach. i wouldnt use it for file storage because you can assemble a 100gb pocket disk that requires no battery, power or recharging for $150. so, i wouldnt go for more than 20gb ipod. no wonder it is so popular.   so, go for it!! you'll enjoy it.   ", "i can't understand how apple sell so much ipod video while they are so bad in front of an archos. just look at the screen and you'll understand ! archos is an hundred times better !  ", 'i purchased the iclick swurv5 from amazon for my wife\'s birthday. i based my choice on the excellent reviews given by other users and its reasonable price.  basically, i wanted a player that was wma compatible and would synch easily. my wife doesn\'t do complicated. she loved the size and style of the swurv5. the usb connection was straight-forward enough. but when we tried to download songs from windows media player the love affair ended. of the twenty-two songs in her playlist, only two would download.  i tried contacting iclick and they were very, very helpful. they suggested downloading only a few songs at a time. that didn\'t work. after going back-and-forth for a few days without progress, i thought i should tell them exactly where i was getting my wmas--iclick had never thought to ask. once they found out that i was getting my wmas directly from msn music, they seemed to know what the problem was.  apparently, there\'s more than one kind of wma and msn music sometimes uses drm? in their files. the swurv5 can\'t handle drm.  iclick suggested downloading songs from another service. i wondered why "wma compatible" didn\'t include msn music--microsoft\'s standard from microsoft\'s store. maybe the swurv5 works great with mp3s but i\'ve never used them.  short story. my wife loves her new ipod. her first synch downloaded one-hundred & thirty-eight songs without a hitch.  two stars for iclick\'s customer service (they were really great).  ', "this was a worthless piece of crap. packaging said that product would work with the ipod mini. when i stick in the ijet piece that goes into the dock spot, it just says that the ipod is ok to disconnect, i can't do anything with my mini until i take it out. the controller doesn't work either. the aaa battery that it came with doesn't 'fit' into the controller. it gets in there fine, but it rattles and i just couldn't seem to get a connection between the battery and the controller. i followed all the directions, and at first i thought my product was faulty so i returned it for another one, and the exact same problem occured. 0 out of 5 stars, i'm never touching another product by ijet again.  ", '[[asin:b000b5slsm machspeed trio 1 gb mp3 player voice recorder thumb drive)] a big improvement over earlier release i listen to mp3 books.  you can stop and start back up exactly where you stopped.  previous models would start back up at beginning of mp3.  ', "after reading some of the reviews, i hesitated before buying this.  i've been looking for a flash drive to store more audible files and finally decided to buy this. i haven't had it long but i'm delighted with it.  the player is simple to work without looking at the manual.  it uses only 1 battery. i've replaced the enclosed earplugs with better quality ones and the sound is excellent.      i know some have complained about the wheel.  this is the first player i've had with a wheel and, possibly because of this, i've had no problem with how it feels.  my other flash player is an iriver which has some additional features but is more complicated to use and far less intuitive.      the player is very light.  there are few parts to break and it seems sturdy. it also comes with a one year warranty.  most other players i've checked out have a much shorter one.      a final plus is its exapandability.  i've been using a  512mb player for some time and haven't needed more space.  if i ever do, it's nice to know i can add it.  addendum:  i've been using the player daily.  i still love it and find it easier than my iriver.  there is 1 glitch i've found re auto-resume.  several times, while listening to an audible book, the player has come on back at the initial index instead of where i left off in the book.  it appears that to auto resume the book i need to press the start button very briefly.  if i press it for several seconds, the player opens at the settings index instead. those having problems with auto resume might try this.  ", 'best price is a come on.  standard bate and switch   lowest price is no longer available but we can get you one at the highest price.      not my idea of a way to do business.   but then each his own.  i will not be shopping here.     ', "i just bought a sandisk sansa e270, and deeply regret the purchase.  i need a travel charger and a spare battery, but you don't sell either, and will not tell me what other chargers, if any are compatible with the e270.  your technical support representative's answers are absolutely useless - i have cut and pasted my questions and his responses below.  given the non-existent customer support, i will not buy another sandisk product again.    ===============     your question/problem: i want to use the sansa e270 when i travel, but won't be carrying a laptop. how do i charge the battery since you don't sell a travel charger? can i use the ipod nano/mini charger brick and plug the sansa usb into it? if not, what can i use.  also, i want to buy a spare battery since it is user replaceable, but you don't sell it either. where do i buy one?  ________________________________________ sandisk response: (06/20/2006 08:09)  thank you for contacting sandisk technical support. i understand how inconvenience the issue may be causing you. as of now there is no available wallcharger and spare battery for the sansa e200 series. also we do not recommend that you use the charger of the ipod player, considering that is not a product of sandisk. if you have any further questions, please feel free to reply to this e-mail. thank you for choosing sandisk. have a nice day!  sincerely, michael louie i. sandisk technical support ________________________________________ your response: (06/21/2006 08:03) my trips typically last 2-4 weeks, so i really do need to charge. since you do not sell chargers and batteries, and recommend not using non-sandisk chargers, that makes my sandisk unusable after the charge runs out. the only alternative is to use the ipod charger - please tell me what the correct voltage, amperage, and polarity is to charge the sansa e270. i am willing to use a non-sandisk product even if it means voiding the warranty. otherwise i have wasted almost $300. and when will you start selling spare batteries, since one of the reasons i bought the sansa was because sandisk advertised it had a replaceable battery - although this may be true in theory, it is not true if you don't sell one! ________________________________________ sandisk response: (06/21/2006 08:03)   thank you for contacting sandisk technical support. i understand how inconvenience the issue may be causing you. the ampherage, polarity and voltage are all proprietary information that we are unable to release at this time. you may try to do a search on a compatible charger for the sansa e200 series player. however we do not guarantee that anything will work with it until we put a charger on the market. but we have no information when it will be out. if you have any further questions, please feel free to reply to this e-mail. thank you for choosing sandisk. have a nice day!  sincerely, michael louie i. sandisk technical support  ", 'this mp3 player, voice recorder, fm radio all-in-one is 1/4" longer and same width as my amex card and 1/4" thick. five buttons on two edges control all functions while 1" x 5/8" see-through display gives needed info. diplay was b in normal room light with my trifocal glasses and was c- with adjustable edge lighting in dark rooms. the built-in battery recharges from any usb connection. you will want a short usb connector, not the six-footer that is included - compactness is why you buy it.<br /><br />windows 2000 and xp recognize the player at once when connecting with the usb cable. the player comes up as an external drive, so just move files with explorer and you are set.<br /><br />voce recorder is easy enough and did an adequate job recording me from my shirt pocket with decent fidelity. probably ok on a desktop to pick up two or three people around the desk. built-in mic is the only choice.<br /><br />fm tuner sensitivity was a nice surprise. reception in my office was as clear and sensitive as on my grundhig portable, and it automatically scanned in 30 stations on first use. (presets can of course be manually chosen.) the earbuds are the antenna.<br /><br />a crummy cloth bag was included, but a small leather slip case with a pocket clip would have been so easy to do and much more useful.<br /><br />sound with the included earbuds seemed fine to me - definitely a a few steps above entry level.the unit is nicely packaged and looks like it could be dropped a good number of times with no problems.                   ', 'creative makes a durable and trustworthy line of mp3 players. this thing accidentally made its way into my washing machine and it still works just like new! no worries here. customer service is great, the warranty is great, and this product is very easy to use. i highly recommend it.  ', "i love this little device.  i have downloaded songs from cd's, napster and the radio, all sound clear and it is used everyday.  the only thing that i would like to be better is the battery life.  compared to other music devices i have this one goes through the battery really fast.  would recommend it to people and already have  ", "this thing blows... i think they had all there workers write these reviews because it is  1. too big way big like omg you think you wont mind its not that big but no it really is way too big 2. it freezes... a lot 3. it is not compatible with most music download programs 4. the color is obnoxious  5. sure it will play the music you have cd's for 6. ok the picture uploading ability is cool but honestly... why not just get a bigger card for your camera? i thought i would use it a lot but its not the reality.  i definitely lost on this deal.    ", "at first i thought it was a pretty nice little mp3 player, although the 60 songs it holds has always been a thorn in my side. i didn't mind converting everthing over to real player since it doesn't play itunes, however, after about three months i had to change the battery...after changing the battery, the mp3 player would randomly shut off, which became a constant problem after every battery change, though eventually the problem would solve itself. approximately a year later, the battery cover was also constantly falling off for no apparent reason. now, about a year and a half since purchase, it has completely died, only playing about two minutes worth before shutting off on its own and refusing to reboot for several minutes. it's a great player for the price, but i would have liked something a little more dependable with a larger memory.  ", 'having had much success with previous sandisk products using audible i purchased the 16gb view.  however, much to my disappointment, i found using the view for audible unacceptable.  if, after listening to part of a book, you switch to a song or another book, and then return to the original book, the book starts all over again.  i contacted audible who referred me to sandisk who informed me that the device was designed that way.  very disappointing to say the least.  who wants to fast forward every time after returning to a book?  for full disclosure, the device does start up where you left off on a book if you power down; but if you at any time, while the power is on, switch to another song or book, you start all over on the original book.  this is not acceptable and the device is being returned asap!  ', "let me preface this review by saying that i did in fact order mine - it should be arriving any day and i look forward to posting a very honest review of this palm handheld.    i just had to post this review to combat those many bad reviews on this item.  it technically is not available yet and will not be released until the 30th of may.  to all those wince users out there - stop complaining about items you don't even use!    now i have a long history of having palm handhelds - from my first palm v to my current palm tungsten t3, i have a good viewpoint on their company's evolution (albeit slow).  i recently left palm for sony's clie th-55 which i thought was the best all-around pda available at the time.  it had everything i could ever want, and more!  i decided to stick with palm since sony was leaving the market and purchased a tungsten e which i was sorely dissapointed by.  long gone was the metal for pdas from this company, as seen by their recent trend with the tungsten t5 (plastic, plastic), and their new e2 (plastic again).    i sold my tungsten e and purchased a t3 the moment the t5 was available because that perhaps was one of the larger dissapointments in palm's history.  well, here were are with them satisfying our needs with 4 gb of storage space, wi-fi, bluetooth, and usb 2.0 (yes, it has usb 2.0 unlike other's reviews).    so why did i order this item?  i plan to have it replace my usb flash drives, i look forward to checking my email wherever i am at work or in my house with the wireless networks.  heck - even when i'm waiting for food at starbucks or panera i can leech onto their free wi-fi.  battery life?  i'm hoping its better than what i get with my current t3 - though nothing beats that sony clie i had thus far in the battery life comparison.  i'll post an addendum to this review once i've used my new lifedrive for a month or so.  keep an eye open for my updates!  ", 'this small, portable music player is quite fascinating. it is composed of a synthetic byproduct of petroleum, known by most as plastic, though the exterior shell seems to be composed of a thin sheet of brushed aluminium (ai, atomic number 13). the "plastic" from which this device is constructed appears to be of the highest quality, however, when closely observed, i found it to be softer than desired, thus, it scratches easily. it plays music that is downloaded to it via a computer, either macintosh or pc. this may be a deterrent to those of you who do not own a computer. when playing the music, it uses small phonic devices inserted into the ears. these are called "headphones". due to the nature of these "headphones," dogs cannot listen to your music. when listening to the music, i found it to be of satisfactory quality. this device has a large storage capacity which is its primary selling point. if you buy this device, you should be sure to have music to download to it, otherwise, there will be nothing to listen to. the music that i recommend is wagner, tchaikovsky, and puccini. i find this music to be of superior quality, and worthy of listening to.  ', "not only did the ear buds not fit in my ears but this thing eats the batteries so quickly (5 hours max).  also, it doesn't have any sort of clip attached to it.  so even though it's inexpensive, count on spending at least another $25 on smaller buds and a case.  i had to buy a cell phone clip on case so that i could wear this while working out - which is the only reason i purchased it.  ", "this is an great player for the price.   my kids each got one for christmas and i had so much fun with them that i had to buy one myself.  with a wide variety of accessories available, we each have different color skins to know who's is who's.  the stories you may see with them locking up is possible, but it only seems to happen if you fly through the navigation button faster than the menus change.   we have learned to wait a split second between bumps of the button and none of us have had a problem since.   if it does happen, it takes less than 30 seconds to reset the player and it rebuilds your library so nothing is lost.  pros: -great sound in a small package -display is bright and large for the size of the player -works with mp3 and wma files -organize, sync and play by artist, albums, playlists etc. -vast number of setup options for the player and the display -wide variety of accessories available  cons(if you consider them cons): -don't use the included software, go straight to media player 10 -the earbuds have great sound, but don't fit in small to medium ears -charging with the usb cable can take 4-6 hours if the battery is low. recommend the optional 120v charger is quicker charging is needed.  this is a great player for the price.   my kid's friends who have ipod shuffles are jealous.  ", 'i have a diferent ipod previously and it is great.  i bought this one used and it was dead in 1 week.  i will not buy an ipod used again, it is not worth it.  the nano in general is a good product, just not the one i got stuck with by buying used, you never know the abuse.  ', "i'm on my 2nd unit return and both units experienced the exact same problem within a matter of weeks. the battery contact weakens and eventually breaks andthis with minimal usage. dis-appointed in this problem as the product has(had) geat feautures. the company is slow on responding to this problem...  ", 'the zen concisistently froze and had to be reset, finally it would not turn off or do any other functions and could not be reset.  i had this product 2 weeks.  i have since returned the product for a full refund.  1/08/07  ', "rechargeable battery is good as is the 'shuffle control'. unfortunately this  product comes with the aweful sonicstage software which has to be used. i bought the walkman for running with but the supplied headfones have a very poor fit. rather get a competitors product where you aren't bound to sonicstage software (i had a creative before this and regret not getting another creative)!   ", 'i had my ipod mini for about 1 year before it crashed and i had to get it fixed for 50 dollars. not a big deal. but then a few months later it crashed again and this time i decided that it would be better to get a ipod nano instead of paying 50 dollars every month it crashes. i never dropped it and i never got water on it but it still broke.  ', "bought this product in dec 06 when it was around $200.  not bad for 20gb and the loads of functions.  works well the first three months.  digital camera and camcorder is not bad.  quality is not the best, but it's useful in a pinch.  the mp3 shuffle is not a true random shuffle, it shuffles through the same path of mp3.  with the 20gb, it stores alot of video & mp3 and although the screen is not the biggest, can't watch for too long, but is good if you need something to do or need entertainment while waiting in line or on the train. however, in april 07, harddrive started having issue.  read error, can't read from hard drive and the whole thing started freezing up.  called archos rma (return) department, told them the problem and they email me the rma right away, but you have to pay for the shipping.  took over 5 weeks to get the product back.  looks like they upgraded the firmware.  called to just confirm, they did upgrade the firmware and replaced the hard drive.  used the product for less than a month, same issues.  can't read from hard drive, hard drive error, product freezes up.  called them again and they issued an rma through email and since it's second time with the same issue, they will send me a free ship label so i don't have to pay.  that was 5/31/07, it is 6/11/07.  called them at least 5 or 6 times to see where the ship label is, each time, waited at least 1/2 hour and more and they can just keep saying it's coming.  take 72 hours, the person sending the label is not in the office.  no help whatsoever, alot of run around, no one seems to know what they are doing.  i have been on the phone today since 7:48pm, it is 9:20pm and am still on hold, have not talked to anyone at all.  this is the customer service or archos after you have bought the product.  very dissapointed and very dissatisfied.  and with the hard drive breaking twice within 6 months, not sure if it's really worth the hassle.  ", 'i got this to replace my iriver, which got stepped on and is now awaiting parts. heres a basic list of pros and cons: pros: 1) itunes is a breeze to work with. fantastic piece of software 2) its tiny, it holds 6gb in a tiny tiny space 3) it takes only seconds to transferr songs over via itunes 4) it is so easy to use. the click wheel interface is fantastic 5) battery life is now rated by apple at 18 hours but actually reaches 22 in good conditions!! brilliant!  cons: 1) sound quality, sound quality and again sound quality.compared to my old iriver it pales in comparison, but its not terrible, just a lot less than i was expecting. 2) built in equalizers are useless and do more harm than good. to be avoided at all costs. 3)cant copy music off the ipod( you can actually, but you have to do a bit of research and downloading of 3rd party software to do this.) 3) it doesnt like bit rates lower than 160kbps, which i know is a minium nowdays, but i have a lot of 128 kbps from years ago that sound way better in the iriver than the ipod. 4)no wall charger included. you have to charge via powered usb, which meant i had to buy a powered usb hub as my laptop has no powered usb port.this is a bad way to cut costs.also means your pc will have to be on when charging and this is bad if you charge at nite, when your pc is off. 5) easily scratched and you will need a case to keep it looking good.  thats a short list of pros and cons. id definately recommend it but you really need to buy new headphones to make the most of it.  ', 'the player works as advertised, however i rate it only one star because of misleading business practices.  the package promises a [...] rebate.  when you click on the link to set up your rebate you are required to sign up for a lot of useless crap and provide them with a credit card number so they can charge you [...] per month.  of course they say you can cancel at any time but this practice is dishonest and there should be some sort of class action lawsuit to stop these jerks from making bogus promises about rebates.    i am returning the 2 players i bought and will never buy anything from trio again.   ', 'this is a nice product. the only problem is that when charged through your computer it takes forever to fully charge. additionally, if you utilize the equalizer function, the battery runs down exceptionally quick. despite those functions, the overall product has great features and a great sound!  ', 'this is a great mp3 player at a really decent price.  the display is clear, the color graphics are great - and the unit is tiny!  this player interfaces easily with the pc.  on the downside, there are not too many accessories available, and the product purchase does not include a charger.  if you are looking for a compact mp3 player that holds about 300-500 songs - and graphics are important to you, this is the one for you.  ', 'clear sound and easy to load.  the small size makes it easy to place anywhere while you are working out and stuff.  the screen is a bit hard to see sometimes but the size makes up for it.  ', "almost everyone said is correct about this tiny lil' player.  but i'd like to add that we can transfer music of files even when there is no charger connected to it.  ", "i bought this from amazon last week. it's really a beautifully built device with one enormous flaw. the screen is a disaster. i ignored the advice of some previous reviewers who warned about the viewing angle issue with the screen. boy were they right! if you are buying this device primarily to view photos then steer elsewhere (see my recommendation below).  first this is a nicely designed device. it has such a solid feel, with a slim form factor, a tightly engineered, elegant interface and button set. it feels great in the hand. creative's engineers should be congratulated.  except for that screen.  it's simply unusable. sure it's big, and dense with pixels and color. on paper it seems incredible. but it's not incredible to look at. just as previous viewers said, at best when you view pictures you must hold this thing at an ridiculously restrictive angle, and with one eye closed or the image will distort and shimmer badly. essentially incredibly narrow viewing angle and the binocular nature of human eyes will be enough to create shimmering with this frustrating screen. i showed it to my wife and she agrees.   video playback suffered a similar effect though not as dramatic.  one other smaller issue was that you can't zoom photos so if you want to preview to look for blurring and such you can't use this device.  what a shame. i really almost considered keeping it because it's just such a nicely designed piece.   anyway i sent mine back and with some reluctance ordered the epson p-2000.   the epson arrived a few days ago. the screen is wonderful. everything the vision should have been. clear, sharp and easily viewed from a much wider angle. no shimmering at all. same size, same dimensions (640x480) but has a zoom feature that works very well.  the epson doesn't have the same tight build and the device is a considerably bigger in size, with a slightly cheaper, plastic body. slightly bigger hard drive. also has an sd/mmc card slot in addition to the cf slot. essentially the same functions as the vision but no fm radio. i didn't buy the vision for the radio.  that said i'm really happy with the way pictures appear on the epson and will certainly keep it but still miss the build quality of the vision.  ", 'i bought this about a year back to gift it to my brother... i guess he is using it regularly and is working fine.. i got it for a good price at that time and quality of this product is good too.. i transfered about 150 songs into it and listened to them.. it was a good quality sound and was very easy to use too.  ', 'my wife has an ipod which she takes with her everywhere.  i used it several times, and i liked it for what it was: a dedicated mp3 player.  however, when the time came for me to get one, i decided to go with the iriver h340.  i bought it about 1 week ago, and have been tinkering with and using it from morning to night ever since.  here\'s my take on it.  warning:  if you buy an iriver h340, prepare to don your geek beanie.  here\'s why:  1.  button commands need to be memorized.  it took me all of 20-30 mins to go through the manual and figure things out.  there\'s a directional pad and 5 buttons, but the buttons have multiple functions depending upon whether you push them quickly, hold them down for a while, where in the menu tree you are, etc.  i personally found the learning curve relatively easy, but this is no ipod (which practically anyone can use right out of the box).  as for me, a 20-30 minute up front time investment is no big deal, and i like having the extra controls (e.g., almost 10 different shuffle and repeat commands).  2.  the user interface is not elegant (for elegance, see "ipod").  there\'s a bit of a half-finished, work-in-progress feel to the h340.  for instance, you can\'t view pictures while listening to music.  it\'s strictly either-or.  the music search function is in no way as easy to use as ipod\'s, either.  there\'s a default file tree, which is essentially windows explorer function.  you literally search through folders and filenames (e.g., "beethovens5th.mp3") to get to songs.  i still haven\'t been able to get the artist/album/genre/song search functions to work, so i can\'t comment.  3.  weight/size.  the h340 is about the same length and width as an ipod, but it\'s perhaps twice as thick and somewhat heavier too.  not that we got the bad stuff out of the way, and scared off the ipodders, let\'s get to the stuff i like.  1.  fantastic array of functions.  the voice recorder uses the external mic built into the h340 to give you stunning recordings.  there\'s more recording options and settings than you can shake a stick it (although i have seen some reviewers rue the lack of some advanced functions - but it\'s not like i\'d know what they were in the first place).  the photo viewer is crude but handy.  there are some file size restrictions you have to observe.  also, unless the pictures fall into a narrow range of dimensions, the picture will not fill up more than 50-60% off the lcd screen.  it almost makes you wish for a zoom function.  still, i like it just fine (again, not ipod level, but good enough).  and the lcd screen is gorgeous, with high resolution, contrast and brightness.  it\'s perfectly readable in daylight.  the text viewer is nice, but is limited only to .txt files.  i don\'t plan on using it a lot, but it\'s nice to have.  i\'m sure iriver will come out with additional functions in future firmware releases.  the browser function allows you to use the h340 as a storage drive.    2.  plug \'n play.  you just plug\'n\'play this puppy into any computer.  no cds or drivers to mess with.  it goes right into the usb port of any computer and windows will automatically recognize it.  big plus in my book.  and loading music into the unit is as simple as copying and pasting or dragging \'n dropping files from the computer right into the unit.  the h340 just appears as another drive on your desktop, folks.  this was critical to me, because i plan to use the h340 as much more than a mere mp3 player; i.e., i\'m a lawyer, so i will be using this to record witness oral statements, take digital pictures and plug my nikon camera right into the h340 to download the pics and view them (usb on the go rules!).  note, you have to install and use 3d party software in order to extract music files from the ipod.  3.  great hardware.  fantastic sound (beats the ipod by a mile, came with sennheiser earbuds too!).  the lcd screen is gorgeous, as i mentioned above.  the hard drive storage is more than most people will ever need, whether 20 or 40 gigabytes.  the hard drive runs nice and quiet too.  the battery life isn\'t the 16 hours advertised, i\'ve been getting around 9-10, but i figure the battery just needs to be broken in.  it still beats the ipod by a mile.  ok, i gotta go, but i hope this helps people.  if i have time, maybe i\'ll come back and expand on this review.  in short, i love this unit.  it\'s perfect for me and does everything i need.  people who are just looking for an mp3 player only should consider ipod.  if you want power, awesome sound quality, battery life, large array of functions, and are willing to put up with some minor inconveniences, then get this.  ', 'this flash drive seemed like a great idea.  unfortunatly, the player has trouble playing most of the music files i transfer to it from my ibook.  the company says its compatible with apple computers, but normally the player will only play a handful of the songs i transfer to it!  ', "if it wasn't for reading hershon2004's review on this really cool mp3 player, i wouldn't have been totally convinced to buy it! i also went as far as to buy a pair of koss headphones and hershon's right --- the sound is incredible! (i don't like those earplug things that came with the creative nano plus). unfortunately, i did have to install the cd that came with it because for some reason, the music wouldn't download properly (unless i was doing something wrong).  anyway, i did eventually download all the music that i have stored on my computer into the nano plus and once i figured out how to use the scroller, i was in heaven! the sound coming from the koss headphones was amazing! i was hearing instruments from certain songs that i'd never heard before and i loved it! the fact that this mp3 player is so light, and so small that it fits anywhere is amazing! i don't even think i need to use the armband that came with it because i could just slip it in my pocket when i'm working out (which is the original reason why i bought it, in the first place)! this is my first mp3 player so i can't compare it to anything else (which is the reason for the 4 stars, instead of 5). all i know is i'm in love with the creative zen nano plus and i would definitely recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to fork out the funds for an apple mp3 player. this suits my needs perfectly!  thanks, once again, hershon2004!!!  ", "check out the ipod's support website and you'll see what i mean.  the other issue is:  do i really want to work this hard to play a few tunes when i go jogging?  i don't want to download any firmware or resynchronize, i just want to turn the device on and play music.  i don't want to obsess about whether i really have enough charge to last a few hours, or not, maybe.  i just want to turn on the device and play music.  if you stay with this product, you might begin to wonder if you're doing product research or os beta testing for apple, particularly if you're one of those people who discovers issues with sleep mode, non-recognition of your ipod device by the computer or the software, or can't seem to charge the battery enough even though the pda says it's sort of charged, maybe.  in my opinion, these are basic issues that a company should deal with in a product before sending it to market.  imagine having to constantly worry about your computer laptop not working because it may not be able to figure out if it has been fully charged or not?  what happened to the idea of: &quot;i put in a battery and the device runs for x hours, and then i recharge the battery&quot;?  imagine paying three hundred plus dollars for a piece of unfinished technology and feeling a debt of gratitude.  doesn't make sense.  for this price, the device should work.  if i have to work this hard to make it work, it had better cost under a hundred dollars since i'm doing their job helping them get the bugs ironed out.  take a look at all the comments with the positive ratings which make such obsequious concessions to a flawed product.  the reality is this is not a finished product.  it looks nice, but in practice, it's not a finished product, at least for this windows user.  i get better results with mp3s stored in sd memory on my windows pocket pc.  try again, apple.  ", "update as of april 14, 2007.  i recently bought zune and zune just like ipod does act as a hardrive (you have to use through proprietary software).  since samsung does, i would change the two stars to three stars.  the screen in zune is nice but there are no movies in the zune marketplace which seem like a waste.     overall, if this little player could do video and had better navigation buttons i would give it five stars.  original review: this is my second samsung (i had two ipods before samsung).  i loved the the first samsung.  why did they have to change good things about it such as the software or navigation controls?   the nice screen is a waste since you can't use it for video.  the controls for scrolling up and down are frustrating since you have to press them very lightly.  the only reason why i am not giving it one star is that the external design is beatiful.     ", 'unfortunately the battery would not hold a charge. but the retun service was excellent. no hassles and the refund was made immediately upon receipt of the returned ipod. i would use this company again.  ', "i have been using the zen touch for several months now. extremely pleased with my purchase. a couple of years ago i bought a nomad3, its round shape caused a lot of slipping and falling to the ground. eventually i had to send it back to creative to get fixed. an eighty dollar service charge was too much so they sent it back and i managed to fix the unit by dropping it again. nervous, i sold it to a buddy (it's still working) and bought a dell dj15 gb. made by creative the unit it self was great but the software (musicmatch) was very buggy. after discovering allofmp3.com i ran out of room. so i went back to creative and loved the new software. nice unit, very clean looking. the software supports dual players at the same time so it is very easy to swap songs through a pc. nice feature.    ", "there's a few things too look for in a flash player. long battery life. check. lcd screen with international language support. check good navigation. ah, good enough. price. check  easy to put songs in. this is the major one.  here comes the doozy. you can only use sonicstage software to put files into this 'chine. no drag and drop. no drag and drop. what happens if you want to port stuff over to say a school computer? nope. say you want to port stuff over to friends place. nope. say you want to port stuff from your friend to your place. nope.  that really sucks. flash is more expensive than hard drive mp3s. if you cant use it as storage as well as listening to music then it's not worth that extra cash wedge, battery life or no battery life.  ", 'pros: the t30 makes a great voice recorder.  the mic and line-in sources both produce quality results. both wmp and explorer modes are supported (with firmware change) cons: wmp mode is slow with wmp11 menu navigation takes some time to learn  ', 'physically attractive, with many interesting features, the zen suffers from serious limitations.  most significant, the documentation is grossly inadequate and fails to set forth how to utilize many of the most important features. for example, nowhere is it seen that in order to enable the resume feature when listening to an audio book, you have to shut down the unit. and nowhere does it indicate how to shut down the unit. scrolling ahead and back is also a problem. if not done very carefully, the unit freezes and must be rebooted. the earphone  connection is poor, often requiring jiggling to restore sound in both ears. the ipod is a far superior unit. the only advantage of the zen is its ability to use items downloaded from the public library. the zen is a major disappointment.  ', 'i wasted $240 on this piece of junk. stopped working after the pitiful 3 month warranty ran out (of course). freezes up and crashes 90% of the time, have to remove the cover, then remove the battery to even restart the thing. i will never buy a creative labs product again! stay away from this thing!!!  ', "good if it meets your needs.  that would be a player that demands small size and low price.  music during exercise, shopping, computer lab, falling asleep, or just as a flash drive.  you must be willing to accept these limitations.   1) random play.  serial browsing is obviously ridiculous for 1 gb (probably 350 songs at 128kb), and it doesn't have resume, so you must like random.  e.g. you don't mind skipping through selections until you find one you want to hear.   2) power on / off.  sometimes the unit decides to shut off during power up.  you have to briefly disconnect the battery to fix it.  also, you have to return to the main menu (vs. song play) before power off works.   3) battery.  if you fall asleep listening (that's me), your battery is of course dead in the morning.  bought a cheap ($10) nimh charger that comes with some batteries (ray-o-vac).   4) user interface.  you have to learn two durations of button press to navigate.  also, the unit appears dead (like 1-2 seconds!) when entering and leaving the play menu; indexing songs i suppose.  (this and #2 are probably generating a lot of product returns.)  sound is fine.  i've had equalization problems with more expensive players (govideo, rio).  random play is fine.  random on some players is a joke (memorex mp3-cd).  removable battery is great.  who wants to get stuck with a dead lithium that costs more than the player to fix?  i'd rather carry an extra battery in my pocket.  has a hold slide switch, so you can put it into your pocket.  being able to choose the backlight color (from a rainbow) is cool. [...]  ", "this is a great mp3 player.  i love that it is so small and simple.  i wish that they were more readily availiable.  i also love that it is rechargeable and i'm not running through batteries like crazy.  ", "i formerly owned a nomad ii, which broke after about a year.  i then purchased a nomad ii mg, which i had to return because the charging cradle didn't function.  i purchased another one, and that one stopped working after about thirty days.  i would steer clear of this frail product.<p>(p.s. why would anyone with an iq higher than a chimp buy three of these things?  i couldn't find another one with expandable memory and an fm tuner).  ", 'i bought this 2 days ago and it does everything i wanted.  record tv, playback onto tv, transfer files from my digital cam, and rename, move, and delete files on the go, etc..  i love the fact that you can connect it to your computer as a hard drive and just drag and drop files.  i hated having to sync everything on itunes.  but if you like syncing, you can with windows media player.  you can also "browse" your music files and go through the folders as you have them created (if you did create them) or search by artist, album, genre, etc.  i personally like the folders much much better.  pictures/videos look fantastic with it\'s 4" screen and sound quality is great as well (i havn\'t yet bought great headphones to really test it).  the built-in speakers are nice and clear, but fairly week, so you\'ll need a quiet room if you intend on using it.  i did my research and this one appeared best for it\'s price (you can find it for $300).  ', 'i will never - ever - buy anything from philips again.  this purchase was a christmas present for my son.  within a few days of opening it and following all the instructions to the letter, the screen fried, making the unit unusable.  i contacted customer service, and a very helpful agent gave me a support tag number and shipping information.  it was all a ploy.  philips took their sweet time sending out a replacement unit, and when they did, they gave us an expected delivery date that has long since passed with absolutely no concern about the status of the delivery.  their attitude is, "hey, we shipped it to you."  philips\' customer service is, in a word, shallow.  they cannot tell you who they used to ship replacements, and that department doesn\'t much care.  instead, they have to put in a request for a tracking number which can take an additional three business days.  we have already spoken with the vendor.  as soon as this thing ever gets here - if it does - it\'s going back for a refund and we\'ll buy a different mp3 player from a company that can at least pretend it knows what it\'s doing.  ', "the sound isn't that great, and it basically broke on me saying there is a file check error on it not allowing me to do anything with it.  definitely just shell the money out for an ipod for the quality product.  ", "you have a _great_ product here. i loved having it. the sound is good, and rechargeable batteries make it so convenient.  you need to do two things with this product:  1) allow music to come from a sd card  2) use usb 2.0  then you will have a winner and i'd definitely get one.  i returned mine.   ", 'i bought this product and it was dead within a month, even though there was absoutely no damage or misuse. waste of time and money.   ', 'don\'t let the size of the hd, the display resolution or, the navigation pad fool you. this product could have been great...but it\'s just ok. the biggest drawback for me was not haveing a "now playing" playlist. you can\'t just grab a track here and a track there and add them to a playlist. you can play selected tracks only from a prexisting playlist created from the gigabie software on your pc. the navigation buttons themselves are very cool, i\'ll admit, but the operation of these buttons in not obvious.  only after reading through every page of the manual did i understand how to some of the most basic operations [such as returning to the main menu while a track is playing]. i purchased a dell dj [20g] a few years back and never had to read a page. the operation was obvious and easy to use. personally i think it is a decent product, howver if your looking for an alternative to the ipod craze, as i was, you may want to look elsewhere for something with a more simple and obvious operation.   ', 'i paid over $200 for this product and have owned it for over a year. it stopped working altogether. no music, no nothing. so what will the company do about that?... nothing! by checking their website, i have found out that after 60 days of use of the product, they charge $12.99 just to talk to you about any problem. so i sent them an e-mail instead. their website said they would respond for free. four days later... no response. so what to do?... throw the $200 product away and buy a new one or pay them their $12.99 just to ask them what if anything i can do? the creative company sucks big time and should be avoided.   ', 'i listen to a lot of music on one battery.  i have spent 4 days listening to music all day at work on one aa battery.  the fm tuner is really useful when i want to listen to news or the radio.  the voice recorder comes in handy now and then, plus i can record from the radio or from the output of another device.  i have dropped this several time with no ill effects.  pros: great battery life!  uses aa battery.  voice recorder, fm tuner, 512mb is actually a lot of music.  small size.  great sound.  seems durable. cons: needed to upgrade firmware to make software reliable.  interface initially not intuitive, but it is easy now that i am used to it.   ', "i have had this model of mp3 player for just over 6 months.  i found it easy to use and the manual is very clear on what to do if it ever freezes up.  mine did freeze up, but only once and when i followed the simple instructions, it 'unfroze' and i was able to turn the unit off instead of having to wait for the battery to die.     personally, i think the sound quality issue has more to do with what headphones or earbuds you used.  i am a music major and i need to have excellent sound reproduction when i am listening to my classical music.  to use a splitter so my friend could hear, i bought some different earbuds, but the sound was extremely muffled and quiet.  once i put the philips earbuds in, i was amazed at the sound, even when another set of earbuds was plugged in.  i don't have to use more than 1/3 of the volume capabilities to listen to music on a bus full of noisy music students.   musicmatch is a program that you get when you buy this product to transfer your music from cd's to the gogear.  it too is easy to use and transfering does not take that long.    overall it has many great features, such as the equalizer settings, fm tuner, and sleep modes, a fair amount of storage, and a decent battery life if used properly. i would recommend this product to anyone asking for a decent and easy to use mp3 player that is not overpriced or overhyped.   ", "first of all this is made of such cheap plastic it's ridiculous. second it says on the box it works with windows 98 but the driver files don't show up on 98 se. then their customer service is terrible. i've e-mailed 6 times in the past 3 days and haven't recieved any usefull help. they just ask me over and over what version of windows i'm running. i had this rush shipped so i would have it for vacation. well, i leave tomorrow and the darn thing still doesn't work.  ", "while i enjoyed this little light weight gizmo while it lasted, it didn't last very long.  within the span of a month it was pushing up daisies, not playing, not responding, not acessable through any computer (pc or mac.)  i used it mostly during my mile walks to and from work and trips to the grocery store, neither could be considered extream environments.  ", 'this is the second mp3 player that i\'ve had from philips.  the first one never worked and this one died after 5 months of use.  when you get the "flickering of death" nothing in the manual works.  my last philips product ever!!!!    ', 'i had it for about 3 months and it finally started skipping non stop so i got a new one but not the same brand. dont drop it a lot and be careful where you put it  ', "if you refuse to be another ipod victim, and sound quality is your biggest priority, this is the product you want.  ok, it doesn't have all the accesories the ipod has, and it doesn't have the wheel (which is, let's face it, a great idea), but this device saves you the agony of using itunes, and it works just like a disk unit.   i only use it to keep my cd collection in mp3 format, so i can't say anything about downloaded music.  the sound quality is just superb, and the batteries are really long lasting too.  plus, it has cool features that allow you to turn audio into mp3 without the need of a computer, and also, you can record voice messages on it directly through an embedded microphone.  it also let you listen to radio.  the annoying thing is the connection.  it uses some stupid attachable thing that can easily get lost and it is not practical (that's why i don't rate the item with 5 stars).  also the joystick isn't very user friendly, and the graphics are more than elemental.  ", "i bought the 2.5 model. it seemed to work fine, but then i wanted to delete some songs. there was no instructions. i called customer service, they told me to hook it up to the computer and just use plain old delete. well that's what i did. soon after i noticed that the player wasn't working quite right. it would begin to play the songs on the player, but stop halfway through. couldn't figure it out. i called customer service and they kept telling me it was user error. well, after the warrenty wore out, i figured out what the problem was. the titles to the deleted songs were still in the playlist, and when they couldn't be found on the player - the player would just hang. so i called and told them this was the problem - well they said your warrenty is up - i said this problem happened way before the warrenty was up, but they wanted me to pay $89 to replace the unit - i asked them if i could download the software and reload it as that might clear the player, and even though the manual says that software for it is downloadable, they told me i couldn't download the player system software. not only is the player worthless so is the company.  ", "i was really happy with my zen microphoto until it stopped working after less than two years. creative offered me a new one for $150 (which is half what i paid for it), but i'll probably try to find one without built-in obsolescence. i think that a $300 device should last longer than that, and i wasn't impressed with creative's after market support. my other big problem was i could never get it to work with windows xp, although vista seemed to support it ok.  ", "after just several months my zen micro stopped working. won't charge, won't come on, nothing. i never even dropped it or anything. i looked on the web for tips and found tons of people have had the exact same problem with theirs. i wish i had just bought an ipod like i wanted in the first place. it also looks like creative isn't helpful at all. research the web  before you buy this product!  ", "wasn't satisfied with the product.  after searching on amazon.com, i found creativelabs nomad muvo slim 256 mb mp3 player and decided to give it a try.  ", 'when this unit works it is a great idea. mine froze up on me and i was forced to return it.   ', 'i use this product extensively throughout the day for music, news and movies.  i record movies at night, the business news before i awake and music from my satellite provider.  i listen to satellite radio in my car and watch bloomberg news with my morning coffee at work.  then, in the evening, i have additional entertainment options with my menu of videos.  i have also had the pleasure of sharing vacation photos on the big screen television.  this last feature is possible because of the docking station that totally integrates this dvr with the satellite and tv.  the included remote essentially controls all actions!    ', 'get it right now ,, it was the best thing i ever owend ...and at a good price   ', 'dented and sold as new.i didnt notice that dent on the left side of the product until recently.   ', "the fm receiver is extremely insensitive.  you practically have to climb the transmitter mast and skewer the thing on the antenna in order to get it to receive a decent signal.  other than that, it's great.  battery life is about 2 weeks or so playing mp3s at reasonable volume for 4 hours a day.  sound quality is better than expected for something packaged in a tiny block of molded plastic.  you will probably want better headphones than the ones that come with it, but the included ones are good for working out with, since you really won't care if you get them sweaty.  of course, it would be better with more storage.  it is extremely lightweight.  having owned a number of personal stereo type devices over the years, this is the only one that i consistently use.  the reason is that the size and weight make it convenient to be wired for sound nearly anywhere at any time.  i can easily stick it in any pocket while wearing the earphones, and forget that it is there.  (aside from the fact that it is playing music in my ears.)  ", 'i love my creative zen. i have downloaded a bunch of music easily and have been enjoying it since i recieved it. i highly recommend it as a more affordable version of the ipod.   ', "i have had mine for over a year now and i am still very pleased.  i like the fact that it takes one aaa that last for a good while.  i don't have to charge it.  it's lightweight and i can fit it the little fold-over pocket on my running pants.  easy to toggle from one song to the next.  but my favorite  part is the snap in/snap out feature that allows you to plug the unit directly into your usb port.  works great with wmp.  ", "this mp3 player represents an incredible bang for the buck purchase, and is the perfect mp3 player for those looking for something to use for their workouts or those of us who want to spend under $100. 2 points that were important to me were the quality of the music experience and the look of the player: quality of music:   -excellent playback, i ripped a tribe called quest cd to start out with and was amazed at the clarity, the volume can be raised to too-loud heights, which is great.   -the fm tuner, which was a deciding point in my purchase of this product, far outperformed expectations.  this really is an fm tuner that works, not an after-thought add-on that doesn't really live up.   -the software that comes with it is very intuitive, and i was up and running within 10 minutes, most of that time being waiting for the tracks to copy from the cd to my computer.   -the headphones are not as bad as expected reading other reviews, but yes, they could stick better.   look: -very cool, fits in the palm of your hand, and has an easy-to-read, very sharp lcd display.  comes with a rubber casing to protect against drops without taking away from the look. overall, cool-looking machine.  in summary, i cannot recommend this product highly enough for those people who don't need the huge memory capabilities of the ipods and others, and who are looking for a high-quality player they can take to the gym without breaking the bank...  ", "i've been following the specs and prices of jukebox mp3 players for a couple years now, just waiting for a bargain to pounce on and digitize my whole music collection. a few weeks ago, i noticed the impressive price drop of the creative zen xtra (30 and 40 gb models) and couldn't resist.     i guess i should say now that i own an ipod instead.     why? while this brand and model might be suitable for some, i feel that only one word describes this gadget: clunky. first of all, it's a pretty hefty device, it's size and weight comparable to an old cassette tape player. the screen isn't very sharp, and the menu scroll button is cheap and takes careful &quot;balancing&quot; of your fingertip (you'll know immediately what i mean if you try it). furthermore, the model i received was either defective . . . or there just might be something to the gripes on this site about the battery life on these models - as my zen xtra would chug with juice for only a pathetic 80 minutes. while the creative zens are unique (to, say, ipods) in that you can remove and replace the battery, the claims of the company are just downright misleading. that's why i bought it over a variety of other brands: the advertised &quot;12 hour battery life!&quot; nope.     of course, there are some things that made it hard to send back for a refund. the sheer memory size, 30 or 40 gb, is huge. and creative did get one thing right - the superb sound quality. absolutely amazing, it makes the ipod sound bland. with cool effect equalizers that turn the sound into environments such as &quot;concert hall,&quot; &quot;indoor arena,&quot; and &quot;auditorium,&quot; a whole new experience is added to old musical favorites.     but altogether, the bad far outweighs the good. if you're terribly strapped for cash, go for it. but unless you plan on keeping it plugged into the wall for home use, this isn't the player for you. shell out the extra $50-70 for the iriver or ipod.   ", "just got mines (2days after ordering....fast!) and i couldn't be more pleased.  i reaserched the net and read over 50 reviews on different mp3 players in this price range and capacity level, i found this to be the best & most for the price (very inexpensive for what you get in fact).    this came w/ software that allows you to rip your own cd's into your mp3 player,  it was a sinch to work..... after 15min's i had already opened, assembled my mp3 player, downloaded the software and ripped 2 whole cd's into my new mp3 player (40 songs) and i still have about 1/2 memory left so i'm sure i can fit about 100 songs in total onto this little thing. i was able to sort and creat playlist using the software as well...very handy.    so far so good...........i'll keep ya'll poste!  ciao :o)    ", "it does not work. i spent 20 maybe 30 hours and no luck. the guy from costumer service had no idea either. if you pay $5 for this mp3 that is $5 too much.  the worst thing i've ever got  ", "the rio rocks! it is so great that diamond multimedia prevailed in their fight against the forces of pure evil in the music industry and allowed us, the public, to have the rio! this little baby holds your mp3's and plays  them with outrageous quality and no moving parts! you simply cannot make  the music &quot;skip&quot;. take it jogging, bob sledding, whatever! the  rio is cute and compact, battery lasts forever, runs great and is really  simple to use. works well with the pc linkup, etc. a hot item!  ", "after zen spend 2 hours constantly uploading more and more software onto my desktop, it wouldn't even let me transfer a single itunes song to it. sure, it says it's possible, but after days and days of trying to convert this and uploading that, i just gave up. a big waste of money.   ", "i guess i'm one of the few to say it's nice inexpensive player. the sounds quality is great for the price...i got this mainly because of the small size for working out.<br>to compair the 2 i would say the d-link sound quality is close to that of the more expensive kazoo...<br>and in my opinion the d-link sofware for downloading is actually more flexable to use than the musicmatch that came with the kazoo.<p>don't get me wrong...i'm very happy with my kazoo...but for the price difference the d-link is a great bargin...i've had it for over 5 month...no problems. agian...especially for the price.  ", "my unit is actually the red one that is 4 gb but otherwise the same. i'm not impressed at all. within two days of gentle treatment the screen had a line through it. i didn't like the musicmatch software or synching with windows media player. i do like the hard drive factor  and once i changed it from mtp to msc it worked better. i thought it was a good price for a 4 gb model, but i'm not sure i'm even going to keep it now. it is small and cute, but not very sturdy. i also can't find a case to fit it appropriately and still allow access to the controls. all the cases seem to be made for ipods.  ", 'got my 605 wifi after waiting over 2 months (way to long), got it charged and had just started loading it when it reset itself and flashed an error message. gave the option to fix it, but would not called the company and now i have to return it, and it could take up to 45 days (their minimum estimate) to receive a replacement. not impressed.   user guide leaves alot to be desired, but hopefully the replacement will work properly.  ', 'please read j. song "over26"\'s review below.  the same thing happend to my player.  it just stopped working after a couple months.  i tossed it out and got a 2gb sandisk.  don\'t buy this player.  ', 'not someplace i would buy from again.  the product does not work as described.  we have attempted to contact the seller.  the phone only has answering machine for a message and they never return the calls.  we contacted toshiba and they sent new discs and everything to try and fix the machine and then told us to return it to the seller.  we are still trying to do that with no success.  "beware"  ', "the zen nano 512 mb mp3 player is a battery operated, inexpensive mp3 player. it's biggest asset is that it interfaces easy with the pc and downloads music with a minimum of fuss. the zen nano is durable and reliable which i did not expect for such an inexpensive device. the only drawback is not having a rechargable battery. fortunately this mp3 runs a long time on a single battery   ", "this is a beautiful machine, and i was very excited to buy it. unfortunately, it locked up twice, once while synchronizing, wmp 10, and once while listening. both times i could not turn it off, and it was unresponsive. i did not call tech support, because i have little patience for products that don't work as they should.  ", "like another reviewer of this item, i work at a radio shack.  we too recently got in the m:robe.  i now own one, and i found that the following comments are true:  the volume is much too low when you get the thing out of the box. that was very discouraging for me.  however, like several of its other glitches this is easily solved by going to olympus's website and downloading updates.  the volume is fine now that i've upgraded, i like my music loud and it certainly provides.  when it comes to upgrades you'd better have easy access to your usb port, because removing the cord from the base while it's plugged into the ac requires either long fingernails or surgeon tools.   the software is a pain.  you have to sync up the player to your playlist every time you want to add new music, and that can take a long time.  however, once done, the player is easy to use. perhaps for the next version olympus will realize that mp3 transfer through explorer is a much easier option.  however, i did notice that one glitchy track i had (it had skips on it even as an mp3) was fixed when i played it on the m:robe.  so maybe the software does have a benefit!  when you set the player on random it can take a couple of seconds for it to decide which track to play next, that is unless it does what it loves to do occasionally, which is playing the next alphabetical track or two before picking at random again.   the headphones are highly average, even for earbuds.  mine came out of the box with uneven cord lenghts.  they work, but $10 can buy you a much better pair of sonys.    i gave the player 4/5 stars because i would have liked to have a radio with it.  also, switching tracks is a bit cumbersome, but once you figure out how it makes sense.  the keypad is very sensative, but responsive as well.  that all being said, once the thing's software is updated the player works fine and there aren't any major complaints, and you are getting a good deal - 5 gigs usually runs $100 more. and lets not forget how cool red looks on black!  ", 'the zen nano is a nice unit - good sound, very small size. the navigation with small buttons and a multi-function thumb wheel is tricky, but works with practice. the 1 gig size carries plenty of music for a workout player so that you do not get back to the same songs very often on random mode. good headphones included.    unfortunately when i ordered this, it was advertised to be a nano-plus unit, which has an fm radio included.  the one i received does not have a radio.....and is not a plus.     ', 'i bought the ipod photo 30 gb a month ago. i have to say that is the best mp3 player i have been able to know.  pros:  1. you can use it like a external hard drive 2. clear pictures and a lot of them 3. a lot of music 4. good design 5. the perfect software  cons  1. the only one. short battery life. when i use it with my itrip in my car it only last for 4 hours.   ', "i have owned and used this product for 2 years now and absolutely love it. in my personal opinion, this is the last of the best video players/recorders archos ever made. after the av500 series, archos went the way of the gen 04/05 series and a dearth of accessories, sad indeed. back to the av500. it handles all divx files 3/4/5/6 (with mp3 audio), xvid and wmv. i use it everyday on the subway and it never leaves my laptop bag. one of my best likes is the fact that it uses a removable battery, regular mini-usb connector, comes with an assortment of extra accessories including usb-host cable, leather case, a/v cables, dvr dock.  since it is a mass storage device, one can simply drag and drop. no proprietary software required and great for mac users like me. at first, the user controls need some getting used to but once one is up to speed, it's like second nature. lcd screen is a marvel to behold and is very crisp. i always have people (even the ipod crowd) being wowed at the quality of the gorgeous 4 inch screen. also, it is one of cnet's highest editor's choice gadget in its class.  ", "yeah it's cool but.....their customer service sucks!!!! my iriver's battery doesn't last long at all. i tried calling their phone number twice. both times i hung up after thirty minutes of no end in sight extremely frustrated. the only way to reach them is through email it seems, so that's a couple of weeks wait.   which is ridiculous for a device that cost $200.  i'm regretting not getting an ipod. (which is quite hilarious because i got an iriver thinking it would be better than an ipod.)  ", 'this is the worst product i have ever bought. the software is the most inefficient software ever. it always freezes my computer and its also very inaccurate. this product itself also happens to freeze, and the response timeing is very slow. not a very good quality product at all. if u want this product to show off then its fine for you, but otherwise it is the wrong choice because of these problems i have encountered.   ', 'this is the most annoying mp3 player, too difficult to use & i consider myself pretty good at this kind of thing.  too many programs and not enough information to help you out.  ', "this computer is one of the worst items i've ever had (i took it back in the first week of using it)  it has a horrible screen  aim doesnt work at all  internet browser is soooooooooooooo slow  don't buy it!  ", "the nano is in beat up condition but it is used. very fast shipping and i couldn't have asked for a smoother transaction. thanks.  ", "i have had mine for about 60 days now and it just broke today.   i truly loved this player. i had great features and could seamlessly import playlists from napster. there must be a reason why they don't make this one anymore...  there are tons of refurbished players on the market. guess why?    ", 'this was returned because it was impossible to operate.i bought an ipod that downloads like a charm!!  ', 'i was really excited to purchase this product for my son, but was really disappointed in the product. the seal for one end never closed correctly, the size of the product is tiny, and i could not easily use the product. the forward and backward buttons are useless and you are suppose to be able to shake it forward the song, and this never worked. i have purchased several apple ipods and will purchase one for my son, for the extra few $ it is worth it!  ', "wow this baby is sooooooooooo nice. i don't have any comments at all other than the software it comes with is clunky, but just dl from sonys web page and its much easy to use. i do think 512mb is a bit small, so maybe go for the 1gb instead. i love this thing, its perfect for when i workout or play poker. the hidden usb plus is the coolest feature about this gadgets, it is spring loaded behind a small little door. man this is nice. give it a try!   ", "true to its promise it is a great music player and the itunes software is intuitive and makes it easy to create playlists.  the enclosed earbuds are so-so - but it does work as promised, and in my case needed a large chunk of the 60gb though in total between photos and music using about 26gb - so unless you own 500+ cd's 60gb may be more than you need.  the photo bit works as promised but while the screen is sharp the pictures seem a tad fuzzy to me, and while the concept of a slideshow is nice not really using it that much.  also haven't used the tv slideshow feature which would probably make me like the photo bit more.  i think there is a way to store the whole photo file not just a cut down version - so it becomes sort of a backup.  but i have too many photos to do that for.  i also bought it to store my contacts/calendar - and they make it sound easy.  well perhaps for mac users - but for a pc user regardless of my trying to use palm desktop or outlook the contact feature doesn't seem to work and the process is horribly explained - just plain awful.  also one note of caution - if you are going to carry it around in bag or pocket probably worth getting a cover/case.  almost immediately i noticed a small scratch on the screen - i was obviously not being careful enough.  unless you treat with kid gloves - get a cover.   ", 'after doing alot of research i chose the nano thinking i was purchasing the best....big mistake!! about 10-12 hours of music was all i got before it froze up & displayed the dreaded "file system error" message!!  i won\'t even go into the customer service "email two step" i experienced (don\'t waste your time waiting for someone to answer the customer service land line)....all that\'s important is that none of this should ever have happened in the first place...creative labs obviously has some serious quality control issues!  this is an inferior product, folks (i see that other reviewers have had the same experience & opinion), & if creative labs had any integrity at all where their product & their customer service were concerned it would have been replaced pronto....instead i sit here with a useless piece of electronic junk.  think twice, folks, & then head for a different brand!    ', "what toshiba doesn't tell you, is this product is not compatible with all hp media centers, which is what it's supposedly designed to do.  i have a media center 2006 edition, and guess what????  yep, not compatible, rendering this product useless for video.  just get an ipod video, you'll be much happier with its versatility.  ", 'although i love the size and plug-and-play simplicity of this player, i can\'t stand the way it works.  a perky customer support person at creative told me that it was not designed to support "playlists."  what that means is that you cannot control the order in which songs are played.  so, if you are making a workout mix, you can\'t put the fast songs first and then cool down songs.  you can\'t listen to albums in their entirety or intended order.  you can\'t control anything about the playback experience.  so if you don\'t mind having hayden and hendrix mixed together, this is the player for you.  but if you want to experience music how the artists intended to be experienced, or how you intended when you made the mix, then steer clear of this one.  you will either be disappointed, or very frustrated as you change all the song names in your music library to "a" "b" "c" so that it will play as you want it to.  bummer.  ', "i love this thing.  it is just perfect for doing everything i want to do - to watch my shows where and when i want to.  it took a little time to figure it all out, but it wasn't very hard.  it is just like learning how to use your dvr and hooking that up.  if you have limited time and want to control your options, this is a good choice, and the picture quality is excellent.  i also recommend getting the travel cable, to increase your options.  ", "this is a way cool little player. i love the huge screen and 30gb is comparable to the zune but will fill up fast. the controls are a little flaky, but all in all, great bang for the minimal buck. however, i purchased a refurbed unit, which is probably all that's available, and the display went out within 1 day. archos was good about warranty (save your proof of purchase), but the amazon vendor (big city direct) was useless and took forever to respond. either way, it was a week and a half before i got the unit back from archos (paying shipping one way), during which time i kind of wished i'd picked up a zune.  ", "i'm more than happy with my apple nano ipod, however, my wife insisted of buying a different player.  her requirements where quite plain and simple, let it be a usb key, simple drag and drop files and if it would be a little stylish that would make it even better.  trying to stay away from the cheap looking no-names usb players, we're were happy to find the shiny sony player with its (really) nice display.  unfortunately, we did not make enough research, and since we were blinded with the hype of the sony brand name (got a little weaker lately, isn't it ?) - we've bought this piece.  i wouldn't say anything here about its sound quality or ease of use (after you've uploaded the songs) - they are just fine.  the horrible sonicstage (or what ever they call it) software you have to use in order to transfer songs to the device is just horrible ! after getting used to the superb itunes, or even window media player, why would you have to use a new confusing software to manage your media ?  no simple file drag and drop like we really wanted (still don't understand why), very confusing warnings about copyright or whatever and so on.  it's 2007, we're so over those crappy and disabled interfaces (i hope), and i really find myself frustrated when i'm being told to do things in a way i'm not supposed to (for reasons known only to sony).  but i guess we deserve it after we didn't learn the lesson  from our sony ericsson cellphone with its clunky and horrible software...  so, if you want a simple player ? buy a simple cheap one, want a slick shiny player ? look somewhere else  ", "i was holding out on purchasing an apple ipod photo. i didn't want to give into the hype, i was waiting for the perfect mp3 player, but the bottom line is that there is none. i was either going to purchase this or a creative zen touch 40gb. i opted to go with the ipod photo. i'm not a supporter of mac whatsoever, but the ipod impressed me. 30gb is more than ample room for those musid hoarders like myself. apple says 30 gb of music but 5gb itself is taken up already, due to the awesome programs such as games, contacts, calendars, etc. that apple pre-installed. i'll give my pros and cons below, but overall this is an awesome product, no mp3 player out there is a match. don't purchase creative mp3 hd based mp3 players. the hd usually freezes up within 6 months of use even less and you have to send it back to creative for a hd repair, but the customer service is crap to say the least.  pro: - 3o gb of space plenty of room - album art capabilities - easy user interface in ipod as well as program supplied to transfer music. itunes   cons: - although it shows album art the downfall of it is you have to manually upload those album arts. typically it shows if u have purchased the dl through itunes, but like me i download music from another source, there are already album art included with the music, but itunes does not transfer the art into the ipod. you have to purchase a separte program such as iart to make it easier on yourself  - low sound. as compared to the creative i purchased the sound on the ipod is not impressive. you would think with the amount you're paying it would. i suggest getting better earphones which boosts the sound quality   overall ipod photo 30gb is well worth the money  ", "this is a great unit with a major design flaw that nobody talks about.  the battery is irreplaceable!!!!!  it is a lithium ion so if you made the mistake of buying one don't let the battery drain completely--it prematurely ages it.  i'm appalled i made the mistake of buying one!!  it is virtually a disposable mp3 player!!!  ", "i received a nomad jukebox zen xtra for christmas last year.  it worked fine for six months and then the headphone jack malfunctioned.  it was out of warranty, but it certainly wasn't time to pitch it a get a new one.  i returned it to creative to have the jack replaced.  this cost $20 for an initial evaluation.  after a couple of week creative called me and said that the unit would have to be replaced with a refurbished unit at a cost of $200.  new units can be purchased for $239.  i thought this was stupid since the harddrive is completely detachable from the rest of the unit (surely half the cost).  it made me wonder if they can't fix a bad headphone jack, what on earth could they fix.  seems like they scammed me for $20 in addition to their bad product.  since the unit was completely functional except for the headphone jack, i chose to have the unit returned without repair and use it as a portable harddrive.  i had also hoped that i could listen to the music through my computer.  it wouldn't be completely portable, but i could take it to work.    i then made two painful discoveries.  first, the headphone jack on the jukebox is the only audio output, even though you can control the unit from your computer using creative's software and the software appears to have functionality to change the output.  secondly, there is no way to access the jukebox as a generic mass storage device, so you can use another media program.  consequently, i have to drag files over to my computer harddrive to listen to them.   the jukebox will also not let you copy protected files to a computer.  pretty short sighted when you consider that there is no way to backup your protected files.  jukeboxes are great and i will buy another one.  it won't be a creative product.    ", "my nine year old bought this with her christmas money.  she could not use it...it's just too complicated.  so, i bought it from her thinking it would be great on my desk at work...well, i spent hours trying to convert files blah blah blah to get my music on this thing, never got it working.  on top of that, the radio gets very poor reception, even with the antenna plugged in.  i gave up on this and bought an ipod.  it took me 10 minutes to get everything set up on the ipod.  i guess you don't need to spend hours swearing, installing and uninstalling software, and converting files to listen to music, you just need to not buy this product, get an ipod.  i hate music match, and i hate this shoqbox.  i gave it two stars for cuteness and good speakers.  ", "this was one of the first 1gb flash players that supported subscription music services.   when i initially purchased this player, i disliked it. it wouldn't play overdrive audio books (32kbps), and does not sort files well. i tried the early firmware upgrades, and they did not fix the audio book problem. however, the recent upgrades now support lower-quality audio, and firmware 1.71 supports audible.   i don't mind the default mtp (media transfer protocol). it was frustrating at first, but if you use playlists as documented in the user guide, mtp works fine. if you don't like it, you can now switch to ums (usb mass storage) which allows you to use the t30 like an external hard drive.  one thing that still really annoys me is the battery cover. it falls off all the time.   ", 'a few weeks ago, when i was looking for an mp3 player, i came across the z5 at my local best buy.  i was so excited to find an ipod alternative that had all of the capabilities of the nano at around the same price.  in addition, i was amazed, yet slightly suspicious, about its "song capacity".  both the ipod nano and the z5 have 4gb of memory, but the z5 said it held twice as many songs.  i asked the clerk at the store and told me that the z5 holds 2,000 songs in wma format at 64bpm.  hel then let me listen to what a song sounds like in 64bpm, then in 128 bpm (what apple uses as a "standard").  i felt a little bit betrayed when the 64 bpm song had horrible quality and sounded like it was being played underwater.  not cd quality at all.  the battery life though, was amazing, even though i would never go for 35 hours without stopping somewhere where i could recharge. after considering all of my choices for a few days, i went back and bought an ipod nano even though i originally didn\'t want to.  i realized that even though everybody else in the world has them, they are the clearly the survivors in this mp3 player eat mp3 player world.  they have the most accesories available and apple is a very respectable company today (my sister has a mac and loves it). lastly, i realized that being different for the sake of being different wasn\'t really worth it in this case.  ', 'one of my disappointments with the p2000, which i really like, was the inability to view the avis i get from my canon camera.  i tried converting to mpeg4, but the simpler mpeg4 conversions are visually poor.  someone recommended the program video vault pvp to me and it is easy to use.  all i have to do is tell it i want to convert the file for use on the p2000 (or i imagine the p4000).  the conversion process is very fast, the video excellent, and the compression makes for a much smaller file.  (...)i wish the transfer of a one gig card full of images went a bit faster and there was an external charger available for the unit. isabel  ', 'i got this unit for my son at christmas. it is really a nice player, not too large and of sturdy construction.  i would give it five stars, but it does have a few quirks with regard to the software.  the problems are minor though.  it also does not immediately dock and power on when you plug into the dock, another minor annoyance.  also, the headphones can be rated no more than 3 stars by themselves. still, for the money offered currently here on amazon the gigabeat 10gb represents real value.  i would just caution to make sure you are purchasing from a reputable online dealer. tiger direct and their rebate partner bdi laguna corporation (esend) have been sitting on my $50 rebate now (it shows as legitimate on the status site) for close to 4 months. esend does not respond at all and tiger direct while prompt in their responses are truely incapable of helping their customers resolve the problem quickly.  when it comes to rebates, stick with reputable outfits or play it completely safe and just go with the low prices at amazon.  i know i will not be purchasing from tiger direct again.  fool me once...  ', 'as most who bought this one knows the battery door did indeed break on my sons. it skips and freezes really bad. he still uses it but i do not think it would hurt his feelings if it got stolen at school! lol  ', "this mp3 player has severe mechanical deficiencies.    it's so cute, and i wish it worked better than it does!  everyone else i know who has one advised me not to buy it, because their zen nano plus developed problems quickly.    but it was just so adorable-- i couldn't resist.  retrospectively, i wish that i had not purchased it.  as a poor college student, my money would certainly have been better spent on a more reliable mp3 player.  i'd like to explain the difficulties i experienced, because they seem to be representative of the problems everyone else has had.   perhaps this won't happen to everyone who buys one, but i don't think the odds are looking favorable for its reputation.    the zen nano plus 1gb worked perfectly for the first few months of use.  it was lightweight, convenient, cute, and had alright sound. i never dropped it, nor did it incur any abuse.  it lead a nice, soft, life in my purse.  (1)  after two months, the lcd screen started getting a bunch of lines through the text on the screen-- so much so that i couldn't read what song was being played.  it never was the same again.  i could deal with that though, since i only use it when i'm at work or walking around with headphones.  (2)   a few weeks after the problem with the lcd screen, the battery indicator stopped working.  i kept changing batteries, because it always said there was no battery life left.  it was a little annoying, but i learned to live with it.  (3)   another two months went by, and despite the cosmetic problems with the lcd screen, the player itself worked great.  but then, the songs started to be garbled-- as if there was too much bass in them.  i tried it out on different speakers and headphones-- the songs always sounded the same-- distorted with too much bass.  the problem was corrected by simply starting the song over. i tried changing the sound settings, but it was evident that the problem was much bigger than that.   the severe distortion and garbling only happened every once in awhile, and i just learned to start a song over when it became distorted.  after another month, however, every single song was distorted all the time, and nothing would fix it.  the mp3 player was completely unusable.  i went to the creative support site on the internet, and followed their directions: i updated the drivers and the firmware.  (4)   after i did that, the mp3 player stopped working altogether.  it wouldn't even turn on, or be recognized by my computer.  it's as if it's cold and dead now.  this is really what it seems like.  creative can't be reached by phone-- and this was a little frustrating.  i've contacted creative via email, and while they are more or less prompt in their responses, i'd like more immediate customer service.    and although my product is still under warranty, it looks as though it will be an expensive ($25) and lengthy process to get another.  i would advise against buying this mp3 player.  but if you can't resist the charm, buy some kind of an additional care package for it.  and again-- it really is a cute and portable device, and would be perfect if it didn't deteriorate so quickly.   and i'd like to mention one other ancillary critique of it:  the sound is very mediocre. there isn't much richness in tone-- everything seemed a little flat. this wasn't a huge problem for me, since my mp3 usage is solely recreational.  but i bought an expensive pair of headphones to use with it, and the mp3 player didn't do them justice.  i was surprised at how great my headphones sounded on others' mp3 players.  ", "i got this for 19.99, since it was cheap it bought it...  first day test try: it was fine second day: there's couple of white lines show up on the screen...ok... third day: the player keep auto turn off for no reason at all!!   also...it eats the battery life..last me only around 4 hours..continuous playing it.  as the saying goes...there's a reason why it's so cheap... >.&lt;  ", 'this is a great little mp3 player for our kids to begin learning how to take care of such items!!!  they are thrilled!  it does work with a mac computer even though it says it does not!  great sound and easy to use.  ', 'i have had this mp-3 player for about 3 months, and i am extremely satisfied with it. i like it\'s small size and many features. it it broke tomorrow, i would immediately order another one.  the sound is great and the screen is crisp and clear. i bought a pack of pda screen protectors and trim them to the size of this screen to keep it from getting scratched. the programming and downloading to this device was a little confusing at first, but i soon got the hang of it. i take it everywhere with me, and use it everyday. i did get another set of earphones, because i don\'t like ear-buds. one reviewer panned this unit because it dosen\'t have a replaceable battery.  in todays fast-paced technology and throw-away world, i\'m sure the life of the battery and the life of this unit will pretty much equal out. another reviewer complained that the unit can "turn itself on."  the easy fix for this is to activate the hold button after turning it off. i would highly recommend this mp-3 player to anyone looking for quality - resonably priced portable music player.     ', "let me say this is my fourth ipod. got my first one about 2 1/2 years ago with the 3rd generation. i. got it replaced after about 2 years as the battery died quickly. they replaced it with a 30 gig photo ipod. then when the black nano came out, i just had to get it! love it except everything scratches it, including cotton pants! thats the only downside to the nano. then yesterday at the san francisco apple store around noon the new ipod with video came out and i snatched it. its the white 30 gig (thats all that was availible). the thing is spectacular and the picture quality is awesome. the plastic front looks like its made of the same material as the nano so i'm being extra cautious and actually put a screen protector over it that was made for my compac ipac. it works great. you just have to cut it to fit over most of the ipod and the scroll wheel still works great with the plastic over it.  the bad news is the battery only lasted 1 hour 45 minutes as i just tested it with a full battery. barely enough for a movie but the ipod is mostly used for music. i can use my psp for movies.  you have to buy the plug in adaptor as this model along with the nano does not come with one but thats understandable as the units are fairly reasonably priced compared to other mp3 players and the first ipod was only 5 gigs, this is really a deal. my nano is black and the screen protectors works great for that one too. apple's computers aren't the best but i think their mp3 players are!  ", "i received this mp3 player for xmas, after doing a ton of research, and this product is sublime.  i got mine for a mere $119 on amazon, new, and the shipping was free.  the sound quality is excellent, thought what people are saying about the white earbuds is true (can hurt after awhile.)  but once you get over that initial pain in your ear, the pain definitely goes away as you will be listening to sweet tunes.  the sound quality is definitely exceptional.  to use the line in feature, all you need is a stereo with a cd player, pop the cd in, press record on the mp3 (with the included cable attached), and you can go take a shower or do whatever you need to do, and the mp3 player will automatically space each track for you!  so you don't need to sit there and press record for each track.  and i agree with the others, that the fm radio is top-notch.  stations come in nice and crisp, and it even has a preset feature.  as far as the design, it is flawless.  no skipping.  ever.  impressively, it is very very tiny, mine is orange, you can adjust the lcd screen for a lefty or a righty, and the solid color selection is the frosting.  this little bugger is an intuitive dream because eventually, you can slip it into your pocket, and you can adjust volume, change folders/tracks or swith playing modes while it's still in your pocket!  it's that easy to use.  very intuitive and you will catch on quickly.  it also scrolls the song titles and artists, which i appreciate very much.  the usb 2.0 cable that comes with it delivers seriously lightning fast transfers.   and as far as flash space, i can easily hold 10-15 albums on it.  i know that you can record from the fm radio, but i have yet to figure that out.  the only minuses are: i would trade it for a 1 gb version in a second.  and when the lcd screen is on, there is a very slight buzzing, though you can only hear it if you are in bed about to go to sleep, and even then, it goes away after 2 seconds and it doesn't bother me one bit.  i have to say that if you buy this product, you will not be sorry.  i carry it with me constantly and use it constantly.  so far this player only received excellent reviews, so you should get one.  it is the cheapest and the best.  and even if you don't consider the price, it is still the best flash mp3 player ever.  ", "i've had this player for a little more than 4 hrs and from what i can see so far, it has alot of great things about it. at first i was like i dont know if i can get used to the touch pad and i eventually did. i plugged it in and after a fairly long install and a restart, i started loading songs onto it using the nice media organizer program. for the people that want to know how big it is, it fits very nicely into a standard pack of altoids. or dimensions 3in. x 2in. x 3/4in. sorry metric people. one thing i must mention is the great sound quality. before this player, i bought the samsung blue square looking one, 512mb and i was not impressed so far as sound and navagation. speaking of navigation, the buttons are layed out very nice. i dont use the drop down menu button very much. the menus all are easy to navigate. the radio is decent, and the recorder is o.k. also.   pros  +style +touch pad +audio +good earbuds +removable battery +more space than ipodmini +fits easily in hand +entertaining blue glow  cons -software could be better -hard drive based (potential problems?)  all in all, if you are looking for a good player, but dont want a mini then get the zen micro   ", 'if you want a media player this works. but it it very finicky. it does into  diagnostic mode 30% of the time and requires a file system repair.  when the repair fails and the format is required, it formats the internal and external memory. so the sd gets wiped.  the music player is almost non functional.  you cannot sync playlists to it. it will not correctly integrate the music on the sd into the general lists for genre, artist, album, so on.  you have to manually create the playlists on the device which is not easy to do.  a 3 hours play list for a road trip will take 30 minutes to do even if you know the songs.  i have tried to sync the playlists from yahoo, rhapsody, napster, itunes, windows media player and itunes. the unit does not recognize any of them.  the suspend mode uses too much power. from one day to another it uses 1 bar of the battery meter while in suspend mode.  it takes over a minute to boot.  it takes 8 hours to charge off the usb cable.  it take 4 hours off a/c.  the a/c adapter requires spending $99 for the dvr or $30 for this semi-useless dock and the adapter. do not by the "travel dvr". no a/c. so to have a dvr and the a/c will still cost $99.  the best feature is the $99 dvr unit. you can record off the tv. so you can watch your tv shoes while at the gym.  it takes standard rca in, so where it is legal :-) you can play your favorite dvds and it will record like a vcr.  other than this one feature, by the apple itouch or look into the creative devices.  ', 'i have had this mp3 player for well over a year and still love it. i have taken it boating, camping, shopping, bike riding, hiking, and it still works. i also have gotten it wet twice. i am rough on things, as you can see. i liked it so much, i bought one for my husband and daughter.  it has all the features more expensive mp3 players have, except bigger screen, but cost a lot less. my daughter likes the radio. i just like to take mine shopping so i can ignore all the "mom, can i get...".my husband uses his at work, and enjoys having all his music. i would reccomend it. it is a great buy.  ', "enough said.  i was a long time hold out, but i'm so glad that i gave in.  great for travel and home.  ", "i bought anthis unit (i10) from iriver. it stopped working after 3 weeks of usage without any reason!!!, i sent 3 emails to customer service and they never even respond!!! i have been trying to contact the customer service phone number and the ivr doesn't even work it-is-a fake ivr there is nobody in there!!!! can you beleieve?? unfortunately this unit was bought directly from the iriver online store and not using amazon. i assume that amazon might have been able to help with this bad supplier. i feel so bad for trusting this kind of company and now i will have to buy an ipod and spend much more money.  ", "it's been a long time since i've had a brand new electronic product that died within the first half hour of use.  i've always stayed away from low-end brands like coby like the plague, but i started noticing nicer-looking products from coby while cruising through stores like walgreens and target,  so i decided finally to give coby a chance when my wife needed a simple mp3 boombox (no cd) that has a flash card slot, to play tunes for our baby.  and it just so turns out that coby is one of very few brands that makes such a device (strange but true, as of dec 2007).  when it arrived, things were looking good.  my wife liked its appearance, and it generally felt like a semi-quality piece.  so i dropped several dozen songs onto an sd card and slipped it into the coby's cd slot.  i browsed through some of the settings in the menu, which were straightforward and effective, and setup the radio with my preferred presets.  all of this took 10 minutes or so.  then...after playing 3 or 4 songs, it froze.  none of the buttons worked.  i unplugged the device from the power socket, replugged it in, the lcd came back on, but none of the buttons were responsive.  i unplugged and replugged it in several more times.  no luck.  it won't turn on.  none of the buttons work.  i'm rma'ing back to amazon the very same day i got it.  thank goodness for amazon's return policy.  and...i will not touch coby again.    ", 'the promotion and advertising for this product states that this would download 1000 songs.  knowing that some songs are longer than others etc., i figured that i\'d be able to load at least 900+.   however, in downloading from my computer, i could only load 426 songs.   naturally being quite upset, i contacted the creative company, and they said:    "music files encoded at higher bitrate are much larger than music files encoded at lower bitrate, thus it reduces the number of songs a player can store".   they then talked about 32 versus 64 bitrate etc.    to me this is something close to false advertising, because nothing whatsoever is ever said about bitrate, and that as a caveat, know your bitrate etc. etc.    hence, i could only load 426 songs.  this is creative\'s major error.   had i known about this, i would not have ordered a 2 gb player.      so, i have ordered a 4 gb player, and intend to send back the 2 gb player i originally ordered and received.   (shame on creative for not stating this very important information).     however, the player itself is good quality and performs quite well, and had some problems loading the software.     but more info needs to be stated by creative about the amount of songs that can be loaded based on bitrate (which most consmers know nothing about).  ', "[...] it's not fake, i learned about it through cnn news. good simple product.  no major drawbacks, unless you're a big music buff and 4gigs is too small.  but with the size of this thing, 4gigs is fair and adaquate.  ", 'i\'ve had this player for almost 1 month. i\'ve tried all the functions except recording and here are my impressions.  positive points: - superb, and i really mean it, superb screen. i\'ve compared it against friends with ipod (too small screen) and creative zen vision (not so sharp and bright) - very good sound for this kind of device - enough space for all my music (50gb), and also to carry plenty of movies and store my photos. - easy to use interface for basic functions. - very easy to transfer music and videos using windows media player - easy connection to tv to view movies stored in the unit with excellent quality (of course depending of the compression used for the movie itself). note that the docking station is not required to connect it to the tv to watch movies(another reviewer wrongly complained about this) - absolute value for money  not so positive points: - access to advanced functions (secondary menu) not very intuitive. - the auto setting for screen size does not work very weel. it will always expand the picture to fill the viewing area this results in losing part of the picture with movies in wide-screen format. it can be solved by selecting "original format" but it is irritating, given that most of the movies today are in ws format. - it has a "bookmark" function that can be used with any file to mark important points. generally this is would be a great feature to go back to wherever you stopped playing, however since no name can be given to the bookmark, it is impossible to go back to it unless you remember the exact file you were listening to, and to go back to it you\'ll have to scroll through all files in the list. imagine you set the bookmark and stop, lets say , on file number 250 of a list containing several hundred.. then you go and watch a movie or whatever (there\'s a resume function but only goes back to the item currently played, the movie in this case) and try after that to go back to the mp3 you were listening to... good luck. - when charging the unit there\'s no indicator to show how much has already been charged.  overall i\'m extremely pleased with this device.    ', 'as i recieved the 30gb apple ipod for a gift i was thrilled.  i had been wanting to get one for a long time and finally had one in my hands.  man, was i excited.  there are many things that make the ipod photo very different from the 20gb ipod and the 60gb ipod photo.  i will compare the apple ipod 30gb to each of it\'s competitors that most buy may buy instead.  apple ipod photo 30gb vs. apple ipod photo 60gb  you may think: "wow, 60gb is a lot of memory and it can\'t be much more bigger than the 30gb, right?" wrong.  you will never use all of the 60gb unless you have the enourmously large music collection of somewhere in the neighborhood of 15,000 songs.  if you just so happen to have 15,000 songs waiting to be put in an ipod, knock yourself out and go for the 60gb.  7,500 songs is still a great deal of songs, and if each album has 20 songs, then it would fit 375 albums.  the main thing that comes to mind is that the 30gb is way lighter than the 60gb model.  i messed around with my uncle\'s 60gb and it was very heavy. it was also very thick, also. when i opened the 30gb, it was as light as a feather, and extremely thin compared to the 60gb.  also, my uncle was having all sorts of problems with his 60gb ipod, and i have yet to have one single problem with mine.  apple ipod photo 30gb vs. apple ipod 20gb  there really isnt any contest here.  the overly priced 20gb comes  in black and white while the 30gb comes in color.  also, you can see the album cover on the 30gb and nothing on the 20gb.  you may not really need the photo feature, but if you do, the 30gb holds a ton of photos, where the 20gb does not have the capability to store photos.  basically for only $50 more, you get many excellent features that make the ipod much more fun.  the color screen, photo storing, album cover viewing, 10 more gigs(2,500 more songs), and more battery life.  the 30gb has a 15 hour battery life while the 20gb only has 12 hours.  if you ask me, that\'s well worth a 50 bucks.  overall, i highly reccomend the apple 30gb ipod photo. i love it and wouldn\'t change anything about it!  ', 'i am using this unit, but have to manually record which track i was last at when i shut it off. if i had known this before i bought this i would not have considered this unit. lexar needs to fix this issue before this is a viable mp3 player.  ', 'well, i recieved the product promptly, but the compartment for the battery was not easy to figure out how to get off. then, i have two of them for both of my kids.  one of them constantly shorts out and the other one occasionally does so.  it has been very frustrating for me and my boys.  ', "this unit is absolute garbage.  forget the moronic design, lack of features, etc. the actual construction is terrible.  the allegations as to battery life are utter fabrications, the buttons don't always work, but, get this, it spontaneously erased about 20 gigs of music.  pretty sure toshiba got wise and took this junk off the streets.  anything you buy has been sitting in a warehouse somewhere since 2003.  spend the extra cash and get a reputable unit. toshiba does not know how to make media players.  ", "i've had my dell dj for over 2 years now. in all that time it's only locked up on me three times which was easily remedied by resetting. i've still got a long way to go to fill up the hard drive, it's about 9gb full and i've got all the songs i'll ever need to listen to. i don't use musicmatch to transfer songs over. i don't think the application is all that great. i use realplayer instead and it works like a charm. it's literally drag and drop from my hard drive to my player. for considerably less money than an ipod, which by the way is not without some very negative reviews, i've been very pleased with my purchase.   ", "i am one of the apparent few who is very happy with this player.  i got it for christmas and was a little weary after reading all the other reviews here.  however, my player works wonderfully.  i can get 10 songs on the internal memory and they all play great.  the smart media card slot is nice.  it does use its own format and will make the card unusable to other devices such as cameras.  however, contrary to popular belief, the cards can be restored to their original state and universal functionality.  all you need is a card reader with its formatting program.  i have a sandisk imagemate usb reader.  it comes with a formatting utility called &quot;smprep.exe&quot; i successfully used this program to restore my 8mb smart media card to work properly with my camera and reader.  bottom line is that this is a solid player, and i would recommend it especially if you are on a budget.  if you have a cd burner, think about and mp3/cd discman since you get 650-700mb of mp3's (150+ songs) per disc.  <p>(the drivers for this player reportedly don't work with compaq machines so be aware of that if you own a compaq)  hope this review is helpful!  ", 'i like the sleek and elegant design of this player. with the ability to play mp3s, listen to radio with many presets, view limited video and pictures and text files along with being a digital voice recorder, this model has many features for the price. my only real complaint is not with the player itself but with the file management software that comes with it. i have two apple ipods but use them predominantly for podcasts. the samsung media software does not aggregate many different media elements into one central location like itunes does. i found it very difficult to find and download podcasts for this player. the sound quality is as good as apple if not better, and for music, it may be just great. due to this limitation of the software, i did not get as much enjoyment as others might. for me, it is an expensive digital voice recorder and fm radio. i did give it four stars because it has great potential and looks and sounds nice.     ', 'the player was all i expected and then some.  the graphics are great!  it was shipped quickly and arrived sooner than expected.  ', 'very good !  as far as the owner, the ipod is well take care.  ', "i am not adding anything to the great reviews of this product. i like all its features. however, the amazon review is incorrect describing the size of this puppy. the h340 is bigger than the h320, but the amazon description is the same! the h340 is like 0.2 inches thicker than the h320. no it's not a great difference, but somewhat makes the h340 bulkier than the h320. i own the h320 and i got the h340 from amazon, expecting a similar size and found the increased size a bit dissapointing. anyway, a great product.  ", "upon receiving the mp3 player everything worked as expected. however, the unit kept indicating that the battery was not fully charged, even though it was charged overnight. now it's come to the point where it won't hold a charge and the unit is therefore completely useless. unfortunately, i cannot recommend this mp3 player: it lacks dependability. it only uses usb 1.0 (slower) to load music and photos ... not the faster usb 2.0 i'm sending it back.  ", 'i brought player about 6 months ago. i had the apple ipod 40 gig player before. i got tired of seeing everyone with the same player. player works like a charm ! people who were saying it freezes and it trouble transfering songs, have not done the firewire update. only reason i know is because i was about to throw the player in trash. i called iriver to complain and tell them i want a new player, and they explained i needed upgrade. i did this and wow 1000!!! difference.   pro\'s  color screen  works with yahoo music unlimted "reason why i brought it"  battery life is good  gell cover keeps it looking nice.  speed of transfers  am/fm  put photos on it   cons  not all that thin, but fits very easily in pocket  photo quailty  20 gig of space !!   jubril  www.jubril.com    ', "i ordered these for my nieces as christmas gifts and they were thrilled. so thrilled, i decided to get one for myself. it came with an armband, (not a neck strap as the site may specify) and has a stero connector cable, usb cable, battery, and earbuds (the standard kind that are a little big, not the kind that mold into your ears), and a rubbery case that has a belt clip on it. really cool - great for the money. i installed the software, connected it to my pc with the included usb cable and about 150 of my mp3s went on it in 5 minutes. it was so easy it practically sucked them off like a vacuum! the kids report they hooked theirs up to their personal cd players and it took the music right off their cds! super easy to use. now, for the best part. i don't always care to listen to my player with the earphones, so i purchased a $10 cassette adapter that is marketed for the ipod, but has the standard 3.5 mm stero adapter. cool, now i can play it in my car instead of burning a mix cd. i also purchased the ifish and right now my player is plugged into it and it's next to my computer, wiggling, dancing and fuctioning as a great dock. worked out great when i reinstalled windows the other day and had to restar my pc after every new driver installation. i highly recommend this player to anyone. it does not support play lists like some other players do, but when you transfer files to it, just change the name of them to the order you want them to play in, or as i do, just separate them into folders and skip easily back and forth between folders of music. one aaa battery will last you 15-20 hours - incredible!   ", 'hdd read error when opened the box. i searched the internet and found it hapened to many others (i made a mistake not searching about the prodcut before purchase). no resolution was suggested. i packed it back and shipped it for refund.  ', "initially, i was the dumb consumer ready to buy the big brand names like the new sony nw 507 or a mini-ipod. but then i decided to do some research and found out that there are other companies out there, like creative rio and samsung that put out even better mp3 players. i did alot of comparing and samsung's mtx-6 was the clear choice.   i bought a refurbished model from samsung mall for $86. it came with a 90 day warranty,(fortunately i haven't had to use the warranty, this product is made well) and delivered right on time. for 86 bucks i got 512 gb, fm radio, voice recorder, and a machine that has many functions to produce the sharpest sound. you'll be surprised, how the srs wow format on this thing blows i-pods right out of the water. my brother has a 20 gig i-pod and the sound is much duller. srswow provides a concert hall type sound.   on top of this, the mt6x is incredibly small and cool looking. in the looks department, only sony's nw 507 can compare, the creative muvos look cheap, and those white boxy ipods will get old real-fast(like everything from the 80's, trust me.) i wear mine around my neck and its very comfortable to jog with.  the best part about the mt6-x is the fact it uses a aa battery, i just use rechargables and i can't tell you how convenient it is.  the 42 hr battery life is no joke, i've literally listened to this thing 2 days straight.   i used to think samsung put out inferior products since it was a korean company, but after i bought an lcd display from them, i was  surprisingly pleased, so i gave the mt6-x a chance, its not just a super deal, its the best in its class.  ", "this is the new ipod but now it comes standard with a color screen. the normal ipod's now come in a standard 20 gigabyte form and the high-capacity 60 gigabyte form. the 20gb holds 5,000 songs or 20,000 photos or 15,000 songs or 25,000 photos for the 60gb. this new ipod is a little bit larger than the original though, 4.1 x 2.4 x 0.63 inch weighing 5.9 ounces. but, they have upgraded the battery life from 12 hours to 15 hours, which is nice but i would like to see an ipod with a little more life. these are the supported audio formats: aac (16 to 320 kbps), protected aac (from itunes music store), mp3 (16 to 320 kbps), mp3 vbr, audible (formats 2, 3, and 4), apple lossless, wav, aiff / frequency response: 20hz to 20,000hz. here are the supported photo display formats: syncs ipod-viewable photos in jpeg, bmp, gif, tiff, psd (mac only) and png formats. the accessories that comes with this device include: usb 2.0 and firewire 400 (with firewire cable, sold separately), composite video (with av cable, sold separately), and headphones. so all together this looks like a very good ipod. i'm probably not going to buy it though because i already have a 20gb monochrome screen ipod and i don't think i need another one with a color screen. but if you are a first time ipod buyer i would recommend this or if you need more room to store yours songs get the 60gb. it's a great deal and especially now you can't resist it (20gb ipod photo now same price as old monochrome ipod, $299.99)  ", "pmc 120 wasn't worth the $100 i spent.  music quality is fair but glitches frequently.  i've been unable to make it through an entire video without the player freezing.  the picture quality is low and did not meet my expectations.  ", "though i am not prone to writing these kinds of things i thought i'd better after my recent experience with archos.  this company, hands down has the worst costumer service i've ever had to deal with.  you be the judge.  i bought a gmini 200 last feburary.  it worked ok but froze up alot.  then in oct. it wouldn't charge any more.  after a few calls and e-mails i get an rma and send it back.  one month later a replacement arrives.  two months later the hard drive on this one goes.  i loose everything.  a few more phone calls to their costumer service and i get another rma and send it back.  for the next month i must have called at least 10 times about the player.  each time i'm on hold for a minimum of 45 minutes.  when i do get through i get all kinds of confusion about my player.  a couple of times they have no record of receiving the player.  they loose me in their system.  they tell me three times that they are sending a new one and will e-mail me.  they don't and it never arrives.  finally, fed up i request a supervisor.  he's sympathetic, apologizes and says for my troubles he will send me an upgrade to the gmini 400.  weeks go by and yet i call but no player.  i'm told they are on back order.  finally nearly two months since sending it back the second time my new player arrives.  and oh, by the way it's not the upgraded player i was told they were sending.  so for the year thay i owned the gmini 200 i've had it in my possession for nine months.  since the warranty has now expired i asked if they would extend it.  they said sure, no problem, we'll send you an e-mail confirming.  well that's been two weeks ago and i've given up any hope.    sometimes a product is only as good as it's costumer service.  i've learned my lesson with archos and only hope people will read and consider this if thinking about spending their hard earned money on such incompetence.  read about others at www.archossucks.com       ", "this is the crappiest mp3 player ever. some problems encountered:  -it froze within a week of purchase -constantly freezes while playing music. -goes dead often (refuses to switch on) -constantly jams while downloading music, or, -a screen pops up on my computer stating that the usb port could not be detected, when it is actually connected securely. -battery life only lasted 4-5 hours, not the 10 hours philips claims. -constabtly jams while charging the player.   i'm surprised a reputable brand like philips has gotten away with such a shoddy product. i truly regret buying this product. if you're thinking of buying this product, i would suggest you second that thought and get yourself a creative zen micro instead.  ", 'i purchased the sansa view mainly because of the 16 gb capacity, and found the operation to be rather confusing. the instruction "manual" is no help whatsoever, so i was left to fend for myself.  it took me an entire day to figure out how to turn the infernal thing off, and after the player froze on me, i decided that this was cutting edge technology that hadn\'t yet cut out all the blips.  i returned it, and  i\'m much happier with the more compact sandisk e280.  ', 'this product is excellent for the price.  the software is standard windows media player.  i used the latest media player without any problem.  the hardware interface such as the touch-screen type buttons work well.  over all, it is a good buy for storage size and well constructed piece of hardware.  it only supports usb 2.0.  usb 1.1 is too slow to transfer a huge amount of mp3 files anyway.  if you do not have usb 2.0, buy a usb 2.0 pci card and install it in your computer.  it is worth it.  ', 'i bought this express for my daughter for christmas.  it worked great for about 1 week.  were having the same problems as everyone else.  if you go to the sandisk website you will see an overwhelming amount of people with expresses that dont work. it wont turn on i tried the hard reset and it turns out there is a firmware update.  i am on dial up - (no other option where i live) and it will take waaaay to long to dl the patch. i bought this based on the reveiws which were good mostly.  i wish i had the foresight to look at the sandisk webboards to see what kind of probs they had.  hopefully we will be able to exchange for a different one.  as for the co i bought it from j&r. they shipped very quickly no probs with them.  ', "this is my third ipod, and just like the one's before it, it has delivered consistent performance and high quality sound. the ipod is a great looking player and the color screen adds a wonderful dimension for viewing photos and album art. i never have to worry about developing or printing photos anymore; instead i load them onto my ipod to share with friends and family (it's a lot easier than carrying around a photo album).  i've owned this particular player for a over a year now, and have never had any technical problems with it. i used to use it on a windows computer before making the switch to a mac, and i experienced seamless integration with both operating systems. it is very, very easy to put music on it with itunes. the ipod has the most simple, easy to use user interface of any music player on the market, and the click-wheel makes navigating menus, photos, and music effortless.  another important point is sound quality. i have listened to my ipod through ear-bud headphones (included apple ear buds), in-ear headphones (ultimate ears), over-the-ear studio headphones (sony dj headphones), and desktop speakers (klipsch 2.1 multimedia speakers). no matter what the medium the ipod delivers consistent, quality sound, even at high volumes, with minimal distortion. the entire frequency range is heard through the ipod, which is particularly important to me.  there is a reason the ipod has taken off in the past few years, it consistently delivers great sound and features through an elegant and intuitive interface.  ", "this is an unreliable piece of junk. went through two before i decided to stop myself. check out the reviews of the 512mb version, they're applicable here, too: two doa units was enough for me. i believe the problem is the power charger: on both units, there was no 5v dc output from the charger, so naturally the device couldn't power up.  good idea, silly putty execution.  ", 'i bought the av700 about a month ago. it looked real nice out of the box but would not interface with my computer because of its faulty plug and play and would not download my mp3 music or my videos because it did not support dvd format.  so reluctantly i sent it back.  too bad, i really wanted it to work.  it looks like, they put out the product too soon without spending the time to make it user friendly.  ', "i was looking to get an ipod or a comparable device for music.  i live in la and the radio here sucks!!!! i needed some music for my workout and in a device that isn't bulky like a cd player. the sony network walkman works great!  i love the sound and it is very lightweight.  i didn't buy an ipod for another $100 simply because i don't believe i need 5,000 or even 1,000 songs.  170 songs is more than sufficient for me, thank you.  this is a great deal for a great price.  ", "i've had my pmc-120 for a little over 1 month and am pretty happy with it.  there are a few features microsoft could have improved:  user customizeable eq, more than one playlist that can be created on the device, last playlist recall when returning to music (from video or tv).  overall the unit functions well and is great for taking all my media on the road with me.  once windows media player is configured on my pc, all my synchronized recorded tv content is converted in the background before i wake up in the morning.  before i leave, i just plug in and sync for a minute or so and i'm good to go.  the only other nit-pick i would have is that the processor or i/o performance seems to be an issue when loading the album cover for tracks.  for example, if i change to the next track and increase the volume, the volume response can take 2 - 3 seconds while the album cover is loaded.  this can be a little irritating sometimes when i want to skip through several tracks.  in spite this, i like the unit and i'm happy to have it.  maybe ms/iriver will provide a firmware update to address the lack of features above?  ", "i bought this for my wife for christmas and we've had it for almost a month now and we haven't had a problem out of it.  i installed rockbox firmware, it seems to have more options to it than the original firmware but if you don't know much about computers/mp3 players i'd stick with the original firmware, it worked fine just not as much you can play with.  the battery life isn't quite as long as they advertise but it's good enough.  overall it was a great purchase!  ", "i have to admit, 8gb for the same price as the 4gb ipod nano, what a deal!  i had this thing for a day and i tried to download the firmware like napster says you should but my computer wouldn't recognize it-i ended up erasing the firmware on the player and the new version wouldn't download, leaving it on the recovery screen with no remedy.  i heard something about a different cable was needed to do that so make sure you don't erase the firmware without the correct equipment to replace it.  anyway, i waited 3 weeks to get a replacement and i am only following the directions to make sure nothing like that happens again.  if napster works with the player, don't try to fix it if it's not broken-i learned the hard way.  my new player is working fine, i did a lot of research and this one was the best-and the color screen is so vivid, it's unbelieveable that something so small could be so great!  i have a hard time blaming my 3 week wait on creative, it just means that this little thing is the best because they were always sold out.  the 4 stars are because it is quite fragile-you need to be careful when you're outside in the new england winter weather and you can't jog with it either.  but don't let my bad experience taint your thinking--this player really is the best buy!  ", "i opened the box and repacked right away for a refund. i was so disappointed.  don't get me wrong.  i own the mpio fl100 and love it.  the design is so sleek and chic. i'm going to get another one.  the sound on the fl100 is amazingly clear.  i thought i would buy another product from mpio and this dmk looked unique - small.  ooohhh, how disappointed.  the head set is like a freaking 'necklace' you literally have to put this silly thing over your neck and the earplugs comes out of the side.  it's as though you are wearing an eyeglass holder around your neck and your glasses are daggling on your chest.  you can't tell at all by the picture.    ", "personally i think that this thing is a great mp3 player if you intend to only have it for a few months, i've had mine for 3 months today, and so far the only thing that i've found is that is, wheel used for ajusting the volume sucks! and then eventually the little joystick will stop working and it is very hard to keep clean. it is currently in the process of being sent to the manufacturer so that i can be fully refunded my money.  ", "the zen v is just the right size for me, both physically and electronically. it has plenty of storage for my needs, since i only want it for music, not pictures, video, or as a pda. it took me a little time to get things organized to my liking, but accessing it via my pc made things a lot easier. the included software is excellent, allowing the aforementioned pc access and  finding information on the cd being uploaded. i'm an online music novice, but this makes it fairly easy. nice work, creative.  ", 'its a neat product, looks good, has a big screen, is sexily slim and light.   but since its a mobile product, i.e something you take with you on a long drive or on a flight, its battery life of only 4 hours is a limitation. and i assume that like a laptop, battery life reduces with age. makes it a bigger problem.  if i am on an international flight thats 10hrs, i cant charge it up any where midflight.   battery life is a concern. should improve, or offer an extra battery as complimentary.  ', "i bought this product after doing alot of research, and have been very pleased with the performance.  it actually works as a napster to go compatible product, so transfer of playlists, etc is very easy.  i've found that the easiest way to copy movies is to use my dvd player, and that works well.  i've got about 100 songs, 250 photos (at 5mp resolution), and 7 full-length movies and still have 70gb of memory available.  battery life has been okay, the included earphones need improvement, it's a good idea to buy the extra power/charging cord for travel.  i travel to hong kong regularly, and the movies on the airlines are unsatisfactory, so i'm looking forward to enjoying this on my 14 hour flight!!    ", "everything went smoothly until i started syncing my library, and then it hung after only a few songs were loaded.  i tried everything listed in the error log, and things only got worse.  customer support is what we've come to expect from microsoft--which is to say--none at all.  after messing around with it for 2 hours trying to get some music on it, i give up.  i'm not a systems engineer and i shouldn't have to be to get a stupid mp3 player to sync up with my music library.  microsoft should just stick to the other things they do badly.  ", 'this is by far the worst mp3 player on the market.  do not buy.  i had mine less than a year and it completely stopped working!  rca refused to repair it or replace it.  you are better off with the ipod!!  ', 'my husband is digging his video ipod. he has pics of the grandkids on it and can share them at the gym while he works out...  ', "it's really kind of cool to have such a small player carrying so much music or audiobooks.  the earbuds seem fine--good fidelity and fairly long cord.  haven't figured out if i like the clip attachment better than using the cord with the player dangling around my neck--nice to have a choice, though.    ", "not easy to navigate. can't choose a song. basic.  ", 'i bought one of these as a christmas gift for my wife. the jack on the one we received was defective. when you plugged in the earbuds that came with the unit, you had to spin the plug in the jack to find the magic spot that made the connection -- but even then the connection did not hold. we tried another set of earbuds and high-quality headphones with the device, without success: the defect was clearly in the jack of the mp3 player. we requested a refund and the amazon return procedure went off without a hitch -- so 5 stars for amazon but only 1 for the samsung yp-k3jab (only because you cannot rate an item as zero stars!).  ', 'beware -- this unit does not work with toshiba laptops.   tech support is non-existent.   you will never get through on the phone.   email support is non-existent.   you will have to wait weeks to hear back.    if it does work with your laptop, this unit does a great job of recording and playing.    ', "note: this yp - u3 will not work as a usb drive. it used to work, then samsung & microsoft teamed up to update the firmwire in this device, it can not be used as a usb drive now. and it only work on windows xp (not even 2000), no linux, no mac.   and you will need admin privilege to install the driver. (so if you want to transfer file between computer, this thing won't work).   i am it engineer so i did a lot research on this and managed to update the firm ware. but it is such a hassle. i won't buy this thing if i know in advance it won't work as a usb drive.   i repeat, it will not work as a usual usb drive. you will have to install drivers on the computer. the description in amazon in not accurate.   if you have a firm ware early than 1.07, it might work. most of them are 1.11 now.   hope this will save you some money and time.    ", "this pda is exactly what the tungsten t5 should have been (integrated wi-fi, voice recorder), and will probably drive the latter out of existence.  one cool feature that the other reviews haven't noted is that the lifedrive can be used as a photo-dump, enabling direct transfer of data from a camera's sd card--something that the ipod photo (unbelievably) can't do without additional hardware.  true the 4gb can't compare with dedicated photo-dumps (the epson p-2000 has ten times the storage), but it's still more than enough for a photo-intense vacation.  ", "when i purchased my zen over a year ago i thought it was the greatest thing out there. it had so much potential and the abilities is had were up there with the best.... and then creative pretty much abandoned the product. there hasn't been a firmware upgrade in over a year, all the accessories that were supposed to come out never did. (no docking station, no case, etc.) the problems with the interface that were promised to be fixed weren't and the product has just slowly become obsolete.  i would look at some of the other players out there before purchasing this player and at least look to a product that is being supported and not just being sold.  ", "this player is small and fits in my pocket.   the sound is really good (althougth i prefer using my own headphones because the ones that come with it are not very comfortable).  operating the menu is a little difficult (it is a wheel) and sometimes you get in the wrong place because you didn't turn it just right.    battery life seems to be pretty good.  overall, i am happy to have a player, so i am happy with it.   ", 'unfortunately, i found the nexus to be a very niche product. i\'m sure anyone who is researching this product knows by now that it does not allow you to listen to live xm content on the go. fair enough, since it never claimed to. however, the idea of this being such a small player only for use of mp3 content and recorded xm content did not impress me.  the screen is incredibly small. of course, this isn\'t a problem if you are using this player hand held, or in a situation where you don\'t want to see the display anyway. however, listening to live xm content is entirely different. don\'t expect to have this receiver docked in the home kit a yard away from you, and still have the ability to read the screen.   this also becomes a problem in the car. i drive a small compact two-door car, and had the receiver mounted at eye level on the dash. i could see the display okay. not perfect, but okay. my passengers, however, could not see the display at all. before you have the chance to think of any bad eyesight jokes, i have had both an xm roady 2 receiver and a sirius audiovox pnp3 receiver mounted in this same position, and never got any complaints. adjusting the brightness and contrast didn\'t do much good. the artist text is easier to see than the title text, as it is in bold letters. having a black and white screen did not help.  to record live xm content, you must begin the recording within 45 seconds of the start in order to get the entire selection. this may be great when you hear the first notes of a song you know, love, and want to record, but it\'s a huge flaw for discovering new music. how many of us can decide within the first 45 seconds of a song whether it is or isn\'t a song we\'ll want to hear again? since xm boasts of having the largest play lists on satellite radio, how can you assume that song you just heard on deep tracks will be a song you will ever hear again on xm?  wait, you could\'ve just add it to your tuneselect, so it will notify you next time it is played and you can record it then, right? nope. the nexus does not include a tuneselect. nor does it even include a memory option, where you can store the artist and song title. there is an option titled "bookmark" though, where the nexus and the included napster software will make it easier for you to find and purchase any song you "bookmark" when you have the nexus connected to your pc. however, i could find no way to see what songs i bookmarked without using the included napster software.  the user interface on the nexus could use a lot of help. there are way too many buttons to press to find your way around the unit. simply going from live xm to recorded/mp3 content can take a while. be prepared to wander around aimlessly with this receiver for at least the first few hours.  of course, this receiver does not have the 1-10 presets that other satellite radio receivers do. i did find switching between stations more challenging while driving due to this. you can set up a "favorites" category list on the nexus, but i would have liked more options for customization with this category.   both the nexus home kit (included with the receiver) and the car kit come with remotes. i found the remotes to be pointless though. the remotes could have offered an easier way of getting to your favorite channels, but there was no such option. the number keys on the remote only guided you in accessing a channel if you knew the channel number. if you could dock your nexus across the room and see the display clear enough, the remotes may have been of more use.  as for mp3s, you are able to search by artist or song title, but not album. you just transfered the entire led zeppelin ii album onto your nexus, and you want to play it from start to finish? well, if you have some other led zeppelin songs on your nexus, you\'ll have to find "whole lotta love" and begin playing there. the album title will not be displayed on the nexus screen though, and the track number won\'t be either. i\'m not expecting the nexus to be an ipod, but i did find this to be an extreme annoyance.   note that the nexus can be partitioned to store either 50% xm content and 50% personal content, or 100% xm content. don\'t expect to fill 1gb of your own mp3 collection.  the nexus also contains a new technology for xm known as the passport. the passport is a small chip that is docked directly behind the nexus in the home or car kit. it is not and cannot be physically connected to the nexus. the passport is only required for live xm content. if you purchase a nexus and activate it with xm, you are not actually activating the nexus. you are activating the xm passport. essentially, you can purchase as many passport enabled receivers as you desire and only pay one subscription fee, assuming you will only want to listen to live xm content on one receiver at a time. of course, this is a plus side to the passport technology. if you only have the desire to own one nexus, it can be a real pain to have to carry around and dock both the nexus and the passport with you every time you go from the car to home. the passport\'s small size could make it much easier to be lost or misplaced as well.  i have heard that satellite radio companies make it hard for thieves to get away with stealing equipment. the victim of the theft just needs to contact the company, and they will blacklist the id of the receiver so it cannot be reactivated. the passport makes the nexus an easier target, since it is impossible for the receiver to be blacklisted, due to the id coming from the passport.   although i am well aware that the car kit is sold separately, i feel the need to mention in this review that i was not comfortable with the cosmetics of the car dock. the bright silver color of it made it very easy to see, regardless of the time of the day or the amount of light coming into my car. needless to say, i was concerned that this would be a huge theft magnet. most satellite radio receivers and mp3 player car docks are much more low profile, and for good reason.  although i\'m sure this is the result of stricter fcc guidelines, fm modulation is only an option with the car kit. unlike previous satellite radio receivers i have owned, you can use any fm frequency you desire with the nexus. one thing to note is that the fm modulation will not work if you have anything plugged into the "line out" of the car kit, such as a cassette adapter or auxiliary cables. i was very disappointed that no fm modulator is included with the home kit.  i can\'t say there is nothing positive about the nexus though...  loading your personal music collection onto the nexus is very simple. you can even simply do a copy/paste or drag and drop though windows. i used rhapsody instead of napster to load some of my songs onto the nexus, and it worked perfectly.   i also liked that there was an equalizer included. of course this is an expected feature of an mp3 player, but it also works with live xm content.   it doesn\'t play only mp3s either. i have all of my music library encoded with itunes aac, with a vbr of 128kbps. i had no problems with playback of these files.  overall, the nexus does what it is advertised to do. i feel the receiver comes short on many features and with it\'s portability. i noticed the price of these have already gone down substantially since the holidays, and some retailers have already stopped carrying them. it should be interesting to see if samsung and xm continuing with this design. hopefully they will address some issues and create a receiver worth while.   ', 'the player seems to work only through sony\'s sonicstage music management software, but even that failed to recognize the player. in short: the gizmo looked good, it was even kind of cute, but since i wasn\'t able to make it work, it is going back to the store.   it was supposed to replace my 20bg ipod, which has a nasty tendency to freeze up during workouts. at least apple\'s "pride" can be unlocked with a bit of trying and i can add music through itunes - which after trying out sonicstage seems like a breath of fresh air...  there must be some better mp3 players out there. does any manufacturer produce an mp3 player (flash, or hd) that lasts and doesn\'t lockup? any suggestions?  ', "we bought this to use with the rhapsody-to-go service. we'd been waiting a while for a compatible flash player and so we were excitied to see a bunch of them come out about the same time. we went for the t30 because we'd had good experience of iriver players in the past.  overall - we're really pleased with this player. sound quality is very good as is normal with iriver players. the controls are a little counter-intuitive, but fine with a little practise - another iriver trait.  only real issue was getting it set up to work with rhapsody-to-go. this involved an upgrade of the rhapsody client (which was straight-forward), and a firmware upgrade of the player (which should have been straight-forward but wasn't). everything's working now but only because i'm a techie geek. non geeks might have struggled.  oh - and to all of the reviewers that complained about the non-compatability with windows 2000, its because modern music services like rhapsody and napster use drm software for copyright protection and it isn't available for your obsolete operating system. windows 2000 was replaced five years ago - its a bit unfair to mark down a product because you've decided not to move with the times.   ", 'this mp3 player sucks. no wonder it is so cheap. today was my first day with it and it screwed up on me. the instructions on the thing are confusing and you have a hard time getting the thing to connect to your computer so you can download songs. it tells you to "reformat" the mp3 thing and i did exactly what it told me to do to reformat it and it gave me an error message the next time i powered it on and it shut down. now it won\'t stay on. my advice you should take: do not buy this mp3 player!!!!!!!!!!!  ', "i've owned my x5 for about 2 weeks now. hands down, best music player around.  here's a few reasons why i think that: it supports flac, a lossless, cd quality codec - for those who want premium quality sound. it requires no additional software to transfer songs back and forth from your computer.  just plug in the usb cable (your computer sees it as a hard drive) then drag and drop files, it's that simple. great battery life. the overall appearance - it's sturdy, scratch resistant, feels heavy and it's well put together. lots of other extras, like voice recorder, video player, fm radio, usb host mode, etc.  for me personally, audio quality was the most important factor, combined with the portability factor - being able to have access to most your music (in cd like quality) in the car or connected to your home receiver, without having to worry about your cds.  now for the drawbacks, although none of these bother me at all: it will not play drm protected files, and the screen could be a little bigger.   ", "over the last couple years, i have owned a variety of music players. here is a brief timeline: rio (64mb) -> mini disc (sony 74 mins) -> ipod (1st generation 5gb) -> ifp-390t (iriver 256mb) -> h10 (iriver 5gb - present) -> ifp-899 (iriver 1gb - present). the h10 is by far the worst player i have ever owned. here is a list of frustrations that i have experienced during the short time i have owned it:  -short battery life. i have only made it to about 6-7 hours. much shorter than the 12 hours listed by the manufacturer.  -frequent crashes. much like the only operating system it works with, my h10 has crashed on multiple occasions. so far i have found that the only way to reset the player is to remove the battery. this is made more frustrating when you have the protective skin on, as you have to completely remove it first.  -slow song changes. it's not very scientific, but it feels like it takes about a second or so to skip to the next song. it makes me think that the buffer is very small. i could be wrong, but believe that the ipod buffers about 20 minutes.  -poor functionality i. in the morning i like to listen to the radio and switch to music during commercials. with the h10, you have to back out through quite a few screens to get to the radio from the music function.  -poor functionality ii. there does not seem to be any way to create multiple, on-the-fly playlists. you can create one quick playlist and that is it. has iriver never seen an ipod?  -inaccurate battery indicator. this is related to the battery life issue, but is a different problem. on multiple occasions, the indicator has read 100% full for 4 hours, then when i shut it down and turn it back on, it reads 50% full. it will work for about another 2 hours, then completely shutdown due to insufficient battery power.   the h10 has a few other things working against it, but i have listed the ones that bug me on a daily basis. hopefully, a firmware update will come out soon that will fix some things, but the short battery life is really annoying. maybe it's so you have to buy additional batteries from them, i don't know.  there is a happy ending to all of this, although it does not involve the h10, but does include iriver. i missed my ifp-390t and hated the h10 so much that i went out and bought the iriver ifp-899. the 899 is, without a doubt, the best player i have ever owned (sorry 390t). i'll probably write a review for it, or maybe the 799, which is pretty similar. i love iriver, but i wish they would put as much care into their hard drive players as they do with their flash players. if you need tons of space and no fm radio, go get an ipod. if you need tons of space and as well as fm radio, go get an ipod mini and use the extra money to buy a good mini radio. the h10 is too little, too late to compete with what is out there. nothing is innovative about it, and it is more expensive that similar items. even the napster to go service, which only looks good on paper, can't make the h10 worth the price of admission.   ", 'i purchased the iriver h10 20gb (blue) about three weeks ago after saving and researching for about 6 months.  in summary, i have been very happy with the player and would definitely buy it again.    the good  the sound quality is very good.  the included ear buds are fine (i\'m not a fan of ear buds in general), but the source is clean and accurate and you can spend as much or as little on after-market headphones as you like.  there is a lot of control over the eq.  virtually all of my music is in variable bit rate mp3 format.  the h10 supports mp3 and the microsoft format (wmf).  i don\'t use itunes (acc) or audible so lack of support for those formats is not an issue for me.  the form factor is nice.  it\'s about the same size as a deck of cards and fairly light.  it fits in my hand or a pocket easily.  the user interface works well with either one or two hands.  the controls are simple, intuitive and make sense.  (i recommend you read the short manual or it might take you a while to stumble onto some of the more subtle features.)  the thumb slider works well, even with a large list to scroll through-when your thumb hits the end of the slider, the display keeps scrolling.  using the slider to control volume rather than a physical knob or wheel is a good idea.  one of my main reasons for picking the h10 was the fm tuner.  i like to listen to national public radio and other local stations.  the tuner has good reception and it is easy to program stations as presets.  i have used the ability to record an fm transmission a few times already.  the color display is bright and clear.  the screen layouts make sense and have useful information.  i don\'t have a reason to use the player to display pictures (other than when showing off the player), but it does have this ability.  i had no problems getting windows xp to recognize the player-it shows up as a usb drive.  data transfer rates have been good for a usb device.  i\'ve loaded my entire library several times as i\'ve played with different software besides windows media player.  it takes about an hour and a half to transfer 12gb.  some reviewers have complained that the player locks up when they used windows to browse the player\'s hard drive.  it does take a while to display the contents of folders on the player, but i haven\'t had the player or windows actually lock up.  the battery life has been good.  i\'ve taken it on a couple of multi-day trips and haven\'t run it down completely.  the ok  the player is designed to work with microsoft windows media player 10 (included on cd with the player).  wmp does all of the basic things you want:  rip, organize, update id3 tags, build playlists, sync with the player.  of course it takes microsoft\'s typical "software for dummies" approach-it doesn\'t do any of the things as well as some other programs and you can\'t change the way it behaves, where it stores your music files, etc.  ("sorry ma\'am, but you don\'t need to know the bit rate we\'re using to encode your music.  move along now...")  but, if you are willing to be assimilated (resistance is futile!), it can manage your music collection and player adequately.  fortunately, because you can copy the music files directly to the player using windows, you can use any software you wish.  i like to use freerip to create the mp3 files-it works very well, queries freedb so you don\'t have to type in any information, supports variable bit rate encoding, and is free.  to use the player with a lot of content, having clean id3 tags is critical.  id3 tags store the information about the music file (artist, album, title, genre, etc.) in the mp3 file.  i tried windows media player, but again ended up using a different free program (mp3tag) that worked better, especially when cleaning up hundred of files at a time.  some reviewers have complained that the player will not play songs in the order that they were on the album.  remember that the players has only the information in the id3 tags and the file names to work with.  it doesn\'t seem to use the "track" tag, but you can get it to play in album order if you include the track number in the file name and play songs in alphabetic order.  for example, i name my music files "artist - album - track# - songtitle.mp3."  99% of the time i have the player on random shuffle.  i\'m still looking for a program that can make it easier to sync the player and manage playlists.    i don\'t expect the software to be an issue for the typical owner-i tend to be very particular.  i suppose the support for text files is useful, if you wanted to keep some reference files on the device.  i\'ve read novels on a palm pilot, so i\'m not opposed to using a small device for reading, but electronic devices have a long way to go to before they can match the performance and convenience of paper for pleasure reading.  some reviewers have mentioned having to upgrade the firmware and having to remove the battery to reset the player.  the h10 20gb does not have a firmware upgrade release yet, and it resets very easily by pressing a small recessed button with a paper clip.  i have had to reset the player a couple of times, but it reboots quickly and this hasn\'t been a big deal.  the bad  bad is relative.  nothing i\'ve encountered with the player is truly "bad."   probably my worst complaint is that there is a brittle-sounding click in the headphones as the player changes songs.  i don\'t really notice it any more, but at first it was annoying.  i like to listen to longer material, audio books and old radio programs, and fast-forwarding to a mid-point to resume listening can take a while, even with the scan rate set to max (6x).  a progressive scan (longer you hold it down, the faster it goes) would be more effective and intuitive.  the player comes with a white translucent silicone protective cover.  it has a belt clip and is soft and does a good job of protecting the player, even if it is not the most attractive thing i\'ve seen.  i\'ve listed it under the bad category because it also makes it difficult to feel the prev track/play/next track buttons through the silicone.  i haven\'t had to call iriver for support yet, but have no illusions about the quality of live support that will be available.  unfortunately, no one provides good customer support.  best we can hope for is a device that is made well enough that the need for support is rare.  so far, the h10 20gb seems to fall into this category.  because the player is designed to be a copy of your master library, there\'s no obvious way to delete files (even ones you\'ve recorded using the player\'s fm tuner) using the player\'s interface.  you have to connect it to your computer for this.  there\'s also no obvious way to figure out how much disk space is left on the player, either from the player or from windows.  as a work-around, i add up the size of the various media directory trees on my computer to estimate how much space is left.  i\'m hoping both of these are addressed by firmware upgrades.   oh.. and i wish i had gotten red.  ', "this is the second one of these i have purchased.  i got one for my wife for the gym, and fell in love with it.  very easy to use, nicely integrated software, allows me to totally control what's recorded.  highly recommended.  ", "i bought my 15 gb dell dj in may 2004. i've had it for 3 years and have no complaints! my sister has already had to buy a new ipod after her battery wore out in 1.5 years; my dell still plays for hours before it needs recharging. if you care about functionality and a good, quality product, this is for you. it's very easy to use with a home, scroll, and back button similar to web browsing. dell also has great customer support for these. this thing is also very tough - it has traveled with me to three other countries, fallen off my treadmill several times, and fallen onto concrete quite a bit (i'm not the easiest on things) and is still going strong! my first and only review i'll write for something, but i really love mine!  ", "i used to use a bulky mp3 cd player on my jogs.  after researching mp3 players and what i wanted to use them for, i decided on the zen nano plus.  apple's equivilent would be the shuffle, not the ipod nano as many misunderstand.  here's why this player beats the shuffle in so many ways: -price -fm radio + radio recording! -built in mic and line-in recording to mp3!  (96,128,192kbps selectable rates) -a display -a backlit display -preset & customizable eq -removable battery (aaa) -does shuffle come with belt clip/arm band? (really, i don't know) -mass storage device when plugged into usb. -ms plays for sure -using wmp 10 and sync, it auto-creates artist/album folders on the device. -about half the size of a pack of big red gum (it is really small)   shuffle pros: itunes (which i love, but wmp is catching up).  ", "i bought one of these after making extensive comparisons with other players. i didn't want video so i chose this older model. the sound quality is very good with some separately purchased earphones (the ones in the box are okay but not great). the battery life is amazing. i'm not sure if it gets 24 hours but i use it every day all week and i often don't charge it before going back to work again on monday. i only have two complaints, this player is heavy, but that is to be expected with such a long-lived battery, and that when i am accessing a large playlist the player can take a very long time to respond. also i find the random button on the front a bit silly, i listen to a lot of different styles of music and hearing opera followed by pop music just doesn't work for me. that said, this is a great player and when the time comes to get a new one i will buy another product from creative.  ", "in my experience, some of the criticism of this product is fair, but it shouldn't be enough to warn off all potential buyers. first of all, if you want to use your smart media card for other things, you will have to reformat it first. second, the internal memory is small, and it will be only three or four songs if you prefer mp3's of 192 kbs or above.<p>however, i've had absolutely no problems with the sound quality of this player. it's cheap enough that you can throw in a 32 or 64 megabyte smart media card for more memory and still have a cheaper package than comparable players. i actually have more storage than my rio owning bud, for less than 2/3's the price. it is a functional recorder, basic but solid. the software is decent enough with most computers, and incredibly easy to use. the headphones are maybe the worst part of the player, and i use my own whenever possible.<p>in short, if you're looking for a low priced player and recorder, a combination that's very hard to find, this is a good way to go.     i'd only recommend against it if you have a compaq computer. for the rest of you, don't let the general outrage over it's card reformatting get you down. it's a good machine.  ", 'it\'s great for almost all the reasons everyone else has shared so i won\'t repeat them here.  so instead... here are the things which i didn\'t like about it:  - i found the "joystick" navigation allowed for multiple errors which could\'ve been entirely avoided had samsung used the standard push-button navigation (assuming it wouldn\'t drastically change the form factor).  although infrequent, sometimes when i intended to press straight down on the joystick it\'d slip in another direction forcing me to navigate back to the original screen and try again.  - i\'d prefer a carrying case that\'s more protective, especially in covering the screen and corners.  the way it looks, i\'m afraid the case will break before the player does.  - the carrying hook is somewhat annoying if you don\'t use the lanyard since it rattles about (and it\'s especially evident when recording voice).  it would\'ve been nice if it was slightly depressed within the device with a rubber cover over it, like a smaller version of the one on the bottom.  - playback while fast forwarding or rewinding should be audible, but instead you don\'t hear anything.  - the headphones are definitely a disappointment.  my pair distorted slightly at middle volume when i turned on the srs, bass boost, and wow enhancement options.  (test music was a 192kbs encoded elliott smith mp3.)  also, retractable earbuds might\'ve been a good idea to continue the theme of small and compact.  - aluminum/magnesium shell is a bit soft, but it\'s understandable since it was an obvious choice of style over substance.  i scratched it on day 1 as i was putting the device into the carrying case (you need to make sure that the initial fit is perfect before sliding it in).  other than that...  this thing rocks.  :)  samsung should build a phone around this with all the trimmings.  even with a slightly larger footprint, i\'d buy this to avoid carrying multiple devices around.  ', "this item does intrigue me. and by the way don't label the ipod owners as brainwashed when you're raving about a product you haven't even seen yet. and if you believe the battery will last 12 hours just cuz creative says it will, they you're brainwashed. also, creative is not the first to market this kind of mp3 player. they followed after the pjb-100 from hy-tek or hango or someone like that. i had one of those (paid thru my nose) and later i had the creative jukebox. the jukebox i owned was a piece of garbage. the user interface was either insanely poor, or it was malfunctioning upon arrival. it stopped working completely after a few months. so i'm a bit leary about the zen micro.  however, comparing it to my ipod mini, i seem some positives: 1.) modular battery. 2.) fm radio. 3.) possibly better buttons. (never liked the ipod wheel)  i wonder if the buttons operate as well as the ipod's wheel, which can be a nuisance sometimes. cuz when your trying to use it for a button sometimes it thinks your trying to use it as a wheel. and i don't think anybody has ever improved on the good old standard volume dial. but for surfing thru lists, or very long recordings, the ipod wheel rules.  one thing that's cool about the ipod mini is that it doesn't carry a disk drive but rather a cf card. no spinning mechanical hard drive. much more reliable.  i am interested in the zen. but i'd really have to check it out in person first before being convinced one way or the other.  can anyone who owns an ipod and a zen comment on the relative sound quality? that's a big issue for me and if it does sound better, i might consider trying out the zen and possibly ebaying my ipod mini.  ", "honestly, you get what you pay for. from the minute i got this thing in the mail, i loaded it up with music, put new batteries in and was ready to go. unfortunatly, the device was not. i had to keep playing with the battery to get it to turn on. when it did finally turn on, i listened for a bit and put it on pause.....when i did that, it shut off and once again, i was playing with the battery to get it to work. i've tried energizer lithium batteries and duracell thinking maybe it was the battery but sad to say, it wasn't. like i said, you get what you pay for...what do you expect for 20 bucks? lol. when it wants to work, it is great....but those with little or no patience are urged to stay away from this device.  ", "this is an easy to use device that is perfect for the gym. it holds plenty of music and is simple to operate. earbuds are not so hot but for 10$ i added a more secure headset that doesn't fall out on the torture machines at the gym!  love it!  ", "i was really excited when i got my sansa view. i'm a sandisk fanboy. in the past sandisk has proven themselves a very reliable company with solid products. as soon as i had my songs loaded up and began skipping through them i noticed my sansa view began locking up, remaining unresponsive until i turned it off.   this was a big let-down as i was very happy to have a flash-based mp3 player with this kind of storage and advertised battery life. the battery life was not even close to the claimed 37 hours of music. after fully charging my sansa it was down to half power after a few hours. the radio reception and audio recording were pretty poor in quality too. i'm returning mine as soon as i can. i'm not sure why this is getting such positive reviews, but my experience was not good. i haven't had an mp3 player this bad since i made the horrible mistake of buying a sony.  this was a huge disappointment with me, my old 2gb sansa worked great. sandisk really dropped the ball on this one.  ", "had this mp3 player two weeks and the volume up botton stopped working, i took the player apart and resoldered the micro switch and that solved the problem.   as i'm electronic technician this wasen't much of a problem for me but to all others considering  this product beware the construction of this thing is hardly rugged. on the plus side it has great sound and the battery life is pretty good, it also supports low bitrate files which is why i bought it.  hope my little review helps with your buying decision.  ", "i don't know what i was thinking!!!!!!!!!!!!:). zero rating first- you only get 2 hours on a full charge second-customer services is the worst third-it's heavy fourth-when watching a video there's a gap between the actors speaking and what you see.  think of the old school karate movies. fifth-the ac piece on the machine broke after one year six-if you watch a movie and needed to stop in the middle, forget about it, it won't hold your spot so you go back to the beginning of the show:( seven-it doesn't show the names of your songs-more than 5 spaces and once a song in there you can't move it. eight-the kickstand broke because it made of plastic and too weak.  ", 'this is a fabulous little product.  i have an ipod which i use as my home stereo but, the samsung is what i use for my portable music player as it is durable.  whether i am jogging or in the car, i grab my samsung.  sleek, durable and &lt;$100, what more could you ask for!  ', 'this is a great product. it\'s the new and improved ipod 20 gb, same price ($300). runs up to fifteen hours, which means i can listen to it a few hours a day and charge it every three or four days. things you\'ll probably need for this product:  1. a case. definitely. it could fall or get dirty quite easily.  2. if you like to go for rides on bike, or drive a lot, you\'ll need a remote control. you can easily and quickly push the buttons to skip or go back to a song.  3. a recorder. if you attend a lecture, or if you\'re still in school, you can easily record stuff and go back to it. i bought italk. crystal clear, and good. but make sure your earphones are out when you record stuff.  i like playing games in color (the four games: bricks, solitaire, parachute, and music quiz. in music quiz, you try to identify songs that you already have stored on your ipod), and being able to put the album pictures on my ipod. plus, i can put photos on my ipod and look at them wherever (as long as i have my ipod with me.) if i go on a trip with my camera, and run out of space, i can quickly put the photos on my ipod and then take more pictures. i can take up to 20,000 pictures, so space is not a problem at all (up to 5,000 songs). plus, i can also put a slideshow on. the scroll wheel is easy to use, although not at first. if i put my ipod in my backpack, there is a "lock" button at the top, so that even when the buttons are pressed, nothing will happen. volume control is easy.  this product is great; i reccomend it to anyone who wants an ipod.   ', "bought this as inexpensive alternative to ipod photo.  now wishing i had just paid the extra bucks upfront, as i will likely end up paying more in the long run). first, (for anyone considering this over ipod photo, like i did), the lcd screen isn't very good for picture viewing due to low resolution.  the average cheapo digicam lcd is much better than this.  this lcd is more on par with a mediocre color cell-phone display.  the ipod photo screen is sharper and obviously superior.  despite the screen quality difference, i still decided to go with this player because it was roughly $80 cheaper after rebates and savings. sound quality is actually pretty good, and the included earbuds aren't bad.  sound is loud and crisp, as long as you leave it alone.  any tweaking of the included eq introduces too much noticeable distortion.  barely a month after purchase, the hard drive gave out.  it wouldn't recognize anything over 3gb.  called samsung, received a repair authorization and sent it to a repair facility in jersey (shipping was our responsibility).  turnaround time was about a week or so and they replaced the hard drive.  after receiving the unit back, we noticed during the first use that the battery dropped to about half of its normal capacity (gave out after three or so hours of continuous play).  called samsung again, got another repair authorization, and was again advised that shipping would be our responsibility.  however.... i'm strongly considering using the product replacement plan that i (thankfully!) purchased with the unit and just getting something more reliable.  i might have gotten a lemon, but i have to call it based on my experience which, as you see, isn't even worth the one star i was forced to give it.  ", "if size, sound quality, and overall function are your priorities, then this is the player for you. i bought this player after weeks of contemplating and researching. here's what i've found after 2 weeks of use:  pros: size (smallest i've seen) it has better sound quality than i-pods and all other flash-based players. there are multiple pre-set equalizers in addition to a 5 channel custom eq. after all, this is made by a company who makes premium sound cards!  easy set up and use. despite what one reviewer said you can put tracks on in order, you just have to understand how to use the program. the wheel for scrolling around the player is brilliant.  the belt clip/case and armband are very well designed and seem very durable.  the headphones are good, especially when compared to other (more expensive) players that barely attempt (i-river, i-pod, etc.).  now for some cons:  price, i paid $139.99 at circuit city. i realize you can get it a little cheaper and it is competitive against comparable players but... if i didn't need the small size and reliability of a flash player for working out i would've spent another $100 or so and gotten a hard drive based player.   as previously discussed the volume button seems a little chinsy. (but at least everyone's is consistantly loose suggesting that there are no problems with quality control)  the software is a little invasive, it wants to be your next windows media player, but is a feeble attempt. the default settings can be changed so it is strictly a support device for the muvo.  that's it, if you are looking for a flash based player, this is definitely the right choice. i give it a 4.5 for the price thing but there is not option for that.   ", 'the fm radio is ok, but it buzzes any time the backlight comes on. customer service neither knows their product or offers a solution. their solution is for me to try to fix it by going to their website and updating the firmware. this is brand new and they want me troubleshoot it and fix it. how about making a product that works out of the box. this is another example of a product with alot of hype, and poor execution. this product would get good rating if it was free of that backlight buzz.  ', 'elegant design, easy to use, only downside is there are better versions on the market now.  ', "boris kandov's insightful review summarizes the technical aspects of this very capable multimedia player.  however, my short review is primarily about cowon's customer service.    i sent my x5 (60gb) back to cowon to request a battery replacement  - almost 50 weeks after the original  purchase date, but within the warranty period.    they replaced the battery  - free of charge - and sent it back on the very same day, even though the defect is related to the battery technology and not in anyway material to cowon's design.   kudos cowon.   ", 'i have used a laptop and portible dvd player to view videos and prefer my av700 to both hands down. the unit is about the size of a paperback book. it turns on in seconds. the screen in no different from the lcd on a laptop or dvd player. for convience, it is unmatched. on a windows computer with xp, the unit is recognized as an extra hard drive making it easy to drag and drop video and music files. during playback of a movie, you can easily "mark" where you stop and the unit can return to that point when you it turn back on. i keep about 30 movies on it at any one time and still have room to spare. the unit works seamlessly with amazon\'s video download service. when transferring a file, windows will tell you if the file is not compatible with the unit and refer you to windows media player, which will convert and download files for you. all in all, using this is a "no brainer". it\'s easily the best gift i\'ve received in years.   ', "i was a little skeptical when i ordered but my u10 works flawlessly,sounds great,and the battery is awesome.if you're looking for an mp3 player with limited storage then this is the one.i have an ipod nano 1gb, i prefer the u10 in all categories.  ", 'this is a great mp3 player for beginner.  my 10 year old son loves it and has somehow managed to not loose or destroyed it!  ', 'i started with the 40 gig lyra... don\'t waste your money or time with that one.  store convinced me to bite the bullet and buy the "end all be all" 40 gig ipod! spent 8 hours trying to get my computer to recognize this thing, it charged through the usb, but i kept getting a usb driver not found error after installing the latest update for itunes, tried contacting apple, no help unless i send it to them, so i unistalled everything (software, usb ports, drivers) then re-installed, still the same.   fanatics on the apple web site responding to this complaint from many people, say things like "buy a firewire card, it is the usb that is causing the problem" and "ipod is worth the hassel". - ya, for $640 cnd this thing should be hassell free in my opinion!! but should we expect an apple product to be 100% compatible with a windows pc ( i guess not ? )  i took the "iprod" back to future shop, and for half the money bought the 30 gig zen xtra - wow !!!! - easy install, easy navigation, replaceable long lasting battery, came with a case even !!!  ', 'if you wish to update your player to version 2.121 you must follow instruction provided as a pdf file from samsung. before the update, you must remove the battery and hold the play/pause button while connecting the player and starting the update software! i had version 1.111 and upgraded to 2.121 in this way with no problems. if you do not follow these direction your player will not turn on as i have found out the hard way. i had contacted samsung about this problem and although the technical support was of no use when i called, i later saw that the instructions were posted on samsung website the same day that i called.  ', "i bought it as a factory-refurbished one for only 85 dollars. overall this mp3 player is great, especially its sound quality.  the sound quality is amazing comparing to my friend's mp3 player.  also exterior design is nice.  the speed of uploading songs from your computer to the player is average, and it depends how fast and healthy your computer is.  if your computer has too many spywares, surely the tranfer will take a long time.  the earphone comes with the mp3 player is very unique, and the sound quality of the player is only good with the standard earphone.    ", "i just got my muvo tx fm in the mail this afternoon, and it is a delight to use. i was copying mp3's onto the device, and playing them, within 5 minutes of unpacking. i'll also point out that i only have usb 1.0 ports on the system i am using right now, and the transfer speed was still very managable. (about 8 minutes to copy the entire 512 megs, around 1 minute for a single album). as several people say, the earbuds are so so. the belt clip is really nice, and the armband is cool. (although, as a bigger guy, it might be a little snug if you wanted to wear it on the upper arm.) the display is great with a nice blue backlight, and the interface is very intuitive. the fm reception is great. (it's much easier to let it autoscan and assign all the stations to presets. if you try scanning around on your own without doing this...good luck) the voice recorder works fine, and i have already tried running the output to my car stereo. all you need is a little two ended cable if you have a line-in on your car cd player, and it sounds great. i'm no audiophile, but at least at a casual listen, the sound quality was the same to me as a cd in the player.   the software is ok. you can import an external playlist, and it will transfer a playlist to the player, which is cool. it does seem to take a while to import tracks, and it would be nice if the autoplaylist had a little more control.  overall, i'm very pleased with the device. i have a couple friends who already owned them, and they are also very happy. bottom line, why pay the same money for an ipod shuffle with no display!?!?  ", 'i-pod? whats that? this thing is the best mp3 player in its catagory. #1. its tiny tiny tiny ! #2. it plays all mp3 and wma formats #3. if you get one of those horrible proteced cds that sony makes you can rip it directly into the unit by using its built in analog audio input. battery life is very good and the sound is truly excellent. i have not tried the build in voice recorder or fm tuner, i didnt buy it for those features. i should point out also that it does not come with a neck strap however it does come with an arm strap. you could use a neck strap if you have one because it has a hole for it. only bad thing is the battery cover comes off a bit too easily so i just put a peice of tape on it just in case !   ', "don't believe the hype.  it is a great player and you so much want to love it, but it freezes all the time and crashes my pc.  ", "i purchased this player for my daughter for christmas.  it worked for about 1 hour, then it went blank and never revived.  it isn't even recognized by my computer. when i tried to e-mail creative i get a long list of what i need to do to get this working.  i don't have time for this. my son has an ipod and never had the trouble we've had with this.  do not purchase this item  ", "i bought the new ipod video when it first came out, without the benefit of being able to preview it. after buying software upgrades, i spent quite a few hours trying to convert my movies into the proper format, then the proper size, only to realize that my images were now too small to see. i returned it. i was going to give up when i saw a link that led me to the new creative zen vision. it was pretty new too, with no real reviews. i figured i would give it a shot.  first impression is that it has twice the screen size of the ipod. it's the options within the vision is what sets this apart. while apple has sold us the puzzle, one expensive piece at a time, creative vision has given us the whole picture. this is a very feature rich media machine! it has an external memory slot! can you possibly believe that the #1 competitor doesn't have this? i have 2 other ipods and now i wonder why i ever bought them!   those 2 features alone are what sold me, but then it does much more. it has an external speaker (so you are not completely lost if the headphones are mutilated by car door). it has a built in microphone (you can record directly to the hard drive without having to buy anything else). it has a built in fm radio. it has video/audio out so you can port your media to another computer or television (how about carrying a bunch your dvd quality presentations/movies in your pocket, plug them in, and you're up and running)! finally, it even has a basic organizer with calendar, tasks, and contacts.  the low points; yes, the view straight on is not the best. but i usually don't hold the screen that way, just a few degrees down is fine (the picture doesn't distort, and i don't get any reflections). i would like the power connector to be readily available. it's under the same rubber flap as the a/v connector, which is to say that any time you leave the power connected; you have to expose the av connection to the elements too. a simple tethered plug would be better. next, the compact flash slot is outdated. a simpler, and smaller, secure digital slot would be better, especially as most pda's, phones, and digital camera's tend to go that way now. creative does sell an adapter, but it's another piece of the puzzle to buy.  this thing could easily be 5 out of 5, with just a little more tweaking.   ", 'do not buy this player as its sound quality is nowhere near to the creative zen micro , only good thing about this player is good fm reception , it gives distored sound with eq settings .i have tried with studio series sony headphones also , whereas with full volume and eq settings zen micro gives very ultimate sound. but if someone wants fancy look and facility to store the jpg files can go for this player.     ', 'got mine (512mb, blue version of this) from sonystyle.com just yesterday. after playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.  first and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious. 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower. even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.   i suspect the codec/dsp in the sony are still designed for their propreitary atrac3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support. in fact converting a mp3 file to atrac3plus (with included software) sounded better than just mp3 file. inspite of this hassle, it was still below mp3 quality from other players.   the battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by sony. no complaints on that front. the backlight lcd display is a nice bonus too. the size/volume is significantly more than the ipod shuffle.  the user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand. as a result it more cumbersome and confusing than apple/iriver players.  in short this awkwardly named "mp3" music player is a step in right direction for sony but is still below average. price is right but not the quality.  ', "as a novice, i needed some help figuring out how to load onto a data card instead of to the memory, the directions were not clear about how to do that. the single aaa battery only lasted the length of 4 mp3 cd's. on the plus side, it is light and easy to read and i love the data card option to take extra music and audio books with me. it's a keeper at a great price for someone like me.   ", "i'm a big techno-geek, but this is been one of the most awkward, horrible experiences i've had trying to get this device to do the simplist things. the application to get your mp3s on this is not user friendly, not intuitive. it's like it's strived to be so different from the ipod that it took out all of the good and left the bad. the player doesn't even register half the time with my computer. it takes a good half hour of messing around with the device and the settings to get it to work. i plug in the ipod and it takes maybe 30 seconds. 1 minute tops.  save your money. save your aggravation. get something, anything else.   ", "i got a dell dj in the spring of 2004.  it was a great little mp3 player with long battery life and good audio.  it wasn't long after i had it until the headphones that came with the dj got a short in them and quit playing.  so i contacted dell support and they sent me another pair asap only to have them do the exact same thing.  the plastic around the plug is very cheaply made and prone to cracking, which was the source of the problem.  then one day in the spring of 2006 i was walking on the tread mill listening to my dj when it suddenly stopped playing.  something had went wrong with the hard drive and nothing i could do would make it work again.  so i tossed it in the trash and bought an ipod which was much better.  ", "like i said, i have no complaints about the player. once you get the music on there, it's amazing. however, getting the music on there is a rediculously confusing process. the software experience on most computers with vista operating systems ranges from considerable hardships to not working at all. also, even if you get it working(good luck with that) you'll still run in to insane restrictions as far as ripping from cd's goes. don't bother buying this. spend a little more to get an ipod or even a sandisk... my experiences with those brands have been 99% better.  ", "perhaps i should start with a rebuttal to the bad reviews i've read. the player is very lightweight. this doesn't necessarily mean cheap. what do you expect? it's made of plastic with a few small integrated circuits. the supposed metal band is actually chrome plated plastic. it is not advertised as made of metal so why complain. it doesn't have a built-in rechargeable battery. good, when the single aaa cell runs down i can chuck it and put another in. at four for a buck that's better than waiting three to five hours for a non-replaceable battery to charge. if you want a rechargeable battery then go buy one for a couple of bucks and buy the optional charger. you have to remove the battery cover to access the sd card slot. good, it keeps the dirt out of the slot. the instructions say it can only use a 512 mb sd card but my 1gb card works fine. the earphones stay in my ears just fine. that said, here's my review. i'll focus on what was important to me. you can read about some other features in other reviews.  the good:  1. lightweight. 2. replaceable aaa battery or optional rechargeable battery and charger. 3. excellent sound (no funny background noise like some other players. 4. excellent noise blocking earphones. 5. sd card expansion slot good for at least 1 gb.  the bad:  1. the display is virtually unreadable when the backlight is off. you should have the option of changing the white on black display to black on white. it would be readable without the backlight then. 2. no folder management in the menus. you have to step through every track to find the one you want (except you can switch from internal memory to the sd card as a shortcut). careful use of file names and id3 tags helps to find things. 3. no case. i got an adequate very inexpensive case made by case logic. 4. eats batteries like a demon. when i use it regularly i can easily go through two batteries a day. well, that's fifty cents a day under heavy use. i may think about getting the charger and some rechargable batteries but alkaline batteries are cheap and convenient.  overall it's an excellent player.  ", "the device is fine, but i'm about to get a 2nd rma. these things are prone to failure.  ", "i love this mp3 player because it's a great value.  it costs much less than an ipod, and i think it works very well.  using it takes a little getting used to, but no more than other products.    ", "i bought this product over two years ago.  i had to get used to having my music organized by album.  the device has taken its fair number of falls.  my first problem with this player happened a few months into use.  the back battery cover became loose; it would slide off if i kept it in my pocket.  the user replaceable batter was part of the reason i bought the devise.  the battery life is now at around three hours when fully charged.  a replacement battery would be $40 and not worth the price.    there were several times in which i thought it would never work again.  at one point i had to delete my entire library and get new firmware.  one of my friends had to do the same with his zen micro.  my friend's headphone jack became loose after less than a year.  the mp3 player is useless when the headphone jack goes.  you can only hear part of the music (e.g. the vocals or bass).  my headphone jack became loose a few months later.  i couldn't just put the device in my pocket and go.  it needed to be held in just the right position for the headphone jack to function.  now, my zen only works in the docking station i bought for it.  the docking station is not portable.  i invested over thee-hundred dollars into the device and attachments and it doesn't serve its intended purpose a few years later.  i had expected long-term use.  ", "i've had one of these for 6 months now and it has held up to steady use and being knocked around in a backpack and in and out of my car. it works great, is light and small, easy to use. i love it. triple a batteries last a long time in it and they are cheap too- no pesky recharging time.  my wife, who avoids electronic gadgets, wants one for christmas.  if she's happy i'm happy so soon we'll have two. i don't get to be in the ipod clique, but i save money and have a player that does more, takes music from more sources, plays more types of files, and is just as easy to use, so i'm surviving. the controls: there are 2 volume buttons, a power/pause button, and a scroll wheel. i can hold it in one hand and handle all the controls with my thumb easily. without reading the instructions it took me one minute to figure out the controls. highly recommended.  ", 'i got an iriver clix right when they first came out over the summer 2006 (perhaps that was my problem). i really liked it, it was cute easy to use and i found an armband that i could get to take it to the gym with me. within a week it stopped working. i got to the gym and went to turn it on and it wouldnt start or anything so i figured maybe i didnt charge it. i connected it to three different computers and nothing worked. i didnt understand because it had worked the day before and i never mistreated it or anything. i went back to the store and the swapped it out and gave me a new one. that one was working great and performing well until about 6 months later when it too did the exact same thing. this time i took it back to the store because i had purchased a 3 year extended warranty on it and was told that they would swap it out again. well come to find out that store is no longer going to carry the iriver clix so they didnt have anymore in stock. i had to get another mp3 player of equal or lesser value, the choices were limited of course but what can you do.  the player is nice, i liked that it played video and pictures and had a built in radio, something not all mp3 players are designed with. if it hadnt done the same thing to me twice i would have given this player 4 stars. im not sure if it is some design flaw or what but it was extremely frustrating. if you do purchase the player i would suggest getting an extended warranty, just in case you run across a problem similar (cause a 200 dollar mp3 player that dies in a matter of months and isnt covered would just be horrible, well at least on a student budget). ok well thats my story, wanted to throw it out there since when i bought it it was new and no reviews.   ', 'recvd our package on time, good condition. my daughter loves it and both husband and son want one for themselves.  ', "alien ware needs to stick with making expensive pc's and laptops.  they should avoid making mp3 players, because it sucks so bad.    i got my aw ce-iv2 from an other site.    here are a list of things for the aliens to work on.  1) it feels crappy in your hands (made from cheap plastic) 2) the battery life sucks.  (be sure to get rechargable batteries) 3) the back cover needs to be removed to access the sd card slot 4) after a little use the back cover just falls off. 5) headphones suck and are not very durable. 5) ther is not way to go to a specific song with out skipping through all the songs.   6) scratches very easily.   7) headphones fall of your ear if you dont stay still like a statue.   8) voice recording is very weak. 9) this mp3 player shold be priced under $50 because it's crap. 10) fm radio--bad reception  final conclusion  dont buy it.  it might come in a cool alienware casing but its a  space trash.    ", 'well, i read the reviews here and elsewhere, and noted that the newer firmware versions allow transfers to the t30 as an external "flash" drive, so decided i\'d give it a try. so far it has played everything i\'ve tried exceptionally well, no problems. this includes audiobook mp3s (non-drm) and music mp3s. i\'ve not tried wma or ogg yet, as i\'ve seldom used them. the software that comes with the player automatically updates the firmware, making this a hassle free task. there are now cheaper 1gb players out there, however this one works just fine and being from iriver looks as though it will have ongoing support and firmware upgrades for sometime to come - something cheaper no-name players often lack.  ', "xm satellite billing issues  i had read this earlier on posts regarding xm's billing practices but thought it was just that person's problem or misunderstanding. unfortunatley, i was wrong.  when you sign up for xm online you give over your credit card # which is then in their greedy little paws. after trying one of their radios for a few weeks i decided there were some good features but nothing worth keeping. i returned the radio to an area big box store w/o any issues.   i had only paid for a 30 day subscription with my credit card but they continued to bill me.   links on the web site for unsubscribing lead to another page of links w/o telling you how to unsubscribe! when i called to find out why they were continuing to bill me one representative gave me a runaround saying that even though they could cease billing me they had to bill me as the radio had still been running (this is well over a month after returning it)!. eventually they agreed to a partial refund even though i do not trust them to not bill again.  for those who might say this is not about the equipment listed on amazon, i believe it's impossible with satellite radio to unlink the radio programming or the billing issues from the equipment. this is not amazon's fault, but i think consumers need to be warned.  if you must try xm, i would highly recommend using a credit card that you add money to for any individual purchases not your usual purchases. i do not, however, think they're a very honest company.   ", "i wish i could say that for the money, the biomorph is a great mp3 player, but since i actually got it for free, i'm somewhat biased in that department.  however, i can say that within the three weeks that i've owned it, the biomorph has simply fallen apart.  let me first qualify by saying i don't take it with me to the gym, i don't strap it to my arm when rollerblading- none of that.  i use it for listening to mp3's while on the subway and that's all.  a very low-impact kind of interface.  given that, it has still managed to fall apart at the seems.  <p>for starters, the case it comes with is counterintuitive.  aside from being thin and flimsy (and outright unusable) its design by nature requires for it to be looped through your belt.  it also covers up the loop hole in which you are expected to slip the included arm band into, causing you to only be able to use one or the other.  <p>secondly, the headphones are constructed rather shabily.  the nexus point where the left and right ear buds split off from each other is toggled with a sub-standard plastic aglet that has already slid off, revealing the exposed wires.  in an attempt to resecure it, (which involved simply sliding it back down) i cracked it.  now a lame-o piece of scotch tape is the only thing keeping me from feeling the current that runs through it.<p>again, let me say: low impact interface.  i'm not doing jumping jacks, i'm not treating it like a cheap toy.  i'm very responsible with my electronics and this thing falls apart like a pressed daisy.<p>thirdly, the thin metal clip that serves as the aaa battery's contact point has already broken off.  this from changing the battery twice.  luckily for me the segment of it that broke off does not effect the actual circuitry, just my ease in lifting it up again to replace batteries.  but make no mistake- it's a major inconvenience as this unit tends to go through its single aaa battery rather quickly.  <p>all of the above i can pretty much handle.  as completely humiliating as it is to have a brand new piece of electronics constantly failing me, like that cd player that always skips, all of the above are actually &quot;deal-with-able.&quot;  after all, we mustn't look gift horses in the mouth.  <p>what i do find to be increasingly irritating though, is the number of times the player shuts itself off when i use the &quot;lock&quot; switch to keep that flimsy &quot;forward/backward/pause&quot; switch from shuffling my songs.  without fail, every time i lock the unit, the unit shuts itself off.  it's a shame it advertises itself as a lock switch and not a power off switch.  otherwise i might be pretty happy with the functionality.<br>in short, as grateful as i was to receive it, this mp3 player really is more hassle than its worth and i look forward to the day (not far now, i'm sure) when it breaks completely apart of its own accord so i don't have to make up a lously lie as to why i bought a new and better player with better sound quality, more memory and a more intuitive interface.  ", 'a few days ago i finally got my first ever real, full-featured portable music player, a beautiful red network walkman and i love it. the thing i like the most is that it isn\'t an ipod (which is for ultra-chic, wannabee-cool-people, music loving lemmings) and it does a good job at what it\'s supposed to do! here\'s a quick bullet-point review:  + great battery life! + beautiful red design...neat "sideways" format + simple and easy to use + sonic stage tranfers files fast, does a good quick & dirty job  - no wma support - atrac3 encoding necessary for quick transfer of music to player - compilation cds have messed up track orders in ss & on the walkman - recharging / usb connection is messy and overly complicated - included earbuds kill your ears (hard plastic!...ouch!)   overall, i think this is a b+ product. i gave it five stars because as a music player, it does a great job at that. i see many places for improvement---but since no current music player does everything i want right now, i\'ll be happy with my walkman for the next couple years. it\'s a good 20gb backup drive as well and shopping through [...] (even amid all the controversy of sony rootkit files, etc.) is very easy, very fast and practically painless.  ', 'first couple of days i was pleased with this player and the ability to be a thumb drive.  but then it stopped playing entire songs and when downloaded to it would "lose" half of the book i wanted to listen to.  i have since returned this item and purchased a sansa an love it.  ', "there are better mp3 players, don't believe the hype. often the os freezes causing my battery to drain and requiring me to visit the apple store for repairs.  ", "while this unit best feature is it's small light weight size, without a memory card you can only get 6-8 mp3's on the built in 32 meg of flash ram. also i've heard that the software won't work with windows xp, i had planed on upgrading soon? the headphones are pretty good although they start to hurt the ears after 30-40 mins. this mp3 player sure blows away those old clunky walkman cd players, it's 1/10th of the size and weight! smaller is indeed better!  ", "one of the most useful items creative has ever produced.  i have two - get one and you'll be happy with it.  get some rechargeable aaa batts and you'll be even happier!  ", "i've had this thing for almost 2 months now and i absolutely love it. i use it everyday and the battery life is never an issue when i'm listening to music. i wish i'd bought a car adapter so that i could watch movies and charge in between because one full-length movie will take most of the life out of the battery, but you can get away with a movie and a few hours of music if you don't leave the backlighting on all the time. its very intuitive to use and the instrucions it comes with are clear. it was essentially a plug-n-play device because i already has windows media player 10 on my pc and i'm yet to have any problems with it at all. i haven't put any pictures on it but from watching movies i can say that if you put high quality stuff in you certainly get high quality out. and it was able to convert almost every file on my computer to a usuable format...there were 5 it couldnt take care of out of around 2 thousand. i rave about it to everyone.  ", 'seller was very professional in responding to my order keep me abreast of when my order was shipped. i would rate this one a 10. very fast service, item was in excellent condition,keep up the good work  ', "i recently purchased this item. it's my first mp3 player and i am extremly happy with it. it's small and the design is sleek. it looks nice. the ear buds are ok. it also comes with a chain so you can wear it around your neck. it did not come with any jukebox software so i used windows media player whch is very easy to use which is a good thing because the mp3 player itself is difficult to use. to scroll through the menu options you somtimes have to keep the menu button depressed while pressing another button. it's not easy to do because the buttons are so small. the manual does not help. it's very confusing. i was able to figure out how to play the music on my own after around 2 hrs of playing around with the controls. the voice recording is easy to use. the sound is good. the wma files sound great. i haven't tried any other form yet. the radio sounds good. i recoreded from the radio and it also sounded good. the player offers plenty of space for my needs. i would recommend this player to people who have the patience to learn how to use it. i would have given the player 4 stars if it weren't so difficult to learn how to  use.  ", "my hard drive failed at seven months. i knew that dealing with creative was not going to go well as they had already scammed me on the rebate. the technical service is horrible and unprofessional- creative does not stand behind its products and treated me with contempt and disrespect. and that's if you can get them to answer the phone. i purchased an ipod after that and even though there is the battery issue, apple has a totally different attitude towards its customers and technical support. especially with the recent decreases in ipod prices, drop your coffee habit for a month or two and spend the additional money it takes to get a truly great product- the ipod.  ", 'if you take a magnificent piece of hardware and put horrible software, what do you get?  junk!!!  the hardware construction of this product is outstanding!  the software is absolutely useless!!!  pro\'s: - sound quality is amazing for coming from such a small package.  speakers are only about 1.5" in diameter, but deliver the sound of a large boombox!  (almost seems like the bose cube speakers) - size is incredibly small for such a huge-sounding device (7" w x 2" d x 2.5" h) - stylish with a clear-on-white body finish (very apple-ish style) - battery life is very good -- it has always lasted through lengthy cook-outs (labor day, etc.) and is a great way to bring big music to a party without wires. - carrying case looks like it will take a beating and protect the unit.  con\'s: - software is horrible!  it requires that you install their version of musicmatch.  no other way to get music onto it.  even then, you have to jump through many hoops to get it to work -- very frustrating!!! - 256 mb of memory - radio reception is terrible (can\'t get anything, even with the antenna) - usb 1.1 takes about 30 minutes to load the full 256 mb with music - sporatic crashing (must be reset by jamming a paperclip into a rubber nub in the back) - ruberized door on back has cheap snap-shut clips that break off within a few uses (back panel is always open now)  once you\'ve suffered through the painful music loading process, you will swear never to change the music on this thing again!  however, with only 256 mb, you will soon be tired of what seems like 10 songs over, and over again.  to sum it up, the concept for this unit has great potential -- but not the way it\'s implemented!  sound is great and awesome for bbq\'s, beach, etc.  philips needs to make it compatible with other software products and allow track drag-and-drop onto the device.  windows media player will not work on this.  ', "i wanted an mp3 player mostly for the gym. i got a bean because it was half the price of an ipod, and was super small and light and could be held naturally while running. i mostly just transfer cds to it, and it takes less than a minute to tranfer the whole cd. i've had no problems downloading single songs from sony connect, either. the sound quality is fine, and the battery lasts a really long time. one of the most convenient features is that you can plug the bean directly into your computer, with no cords to worry about. overall, it's met my needs perfectly.  ", 'i bought the iriver h20 a month or so ago, so that i\'d have something to keep me occupied between classes (other than studying calculus - who goes to college and actually studies?).  i\'m quite amazed with the amount of abuse that the h20 has withstood thus far.  every day, it gets tossed into my duffle bag along with a couple textbooks, my lunch (which is somehow always damp by the time i get to it), a binder, and various pointy objects.  when i\'m at home, i use it whenever i\'m washing dishes, lifting weights, and doing just about anything else.  thus far, the screen hasn\'t scratched, the translucent rubber sleeve that comes packaged with the iriver hasn\'t torn or allowed the shiny red exterior to get scratched, the moisture from my aformentioned damp lunch and from washing dishes hasn\'t killed it, and even the jarring from being inside my duffle bag doesn\'t seem to have affected it.  for anyone that has even the slightest idea how to use a computer, the iriver should be a snap to use.  the iriver does come with a cd that contains windows media player 10 - and it can come in handy . . . sometimes.  but, the easiest way to manage your mp3 collection is the simple, older-than-dirt, drag-and-drop method.  you can create folders and subfolders directly, so you\'ll know exactly where your music is if you decide to pick a song by browsing the folders instead of picking an artist.  if you have usb 2.0 and a computer with a sufficient amount of ram, then you shouldn\'t have any problems putting files onto, and removing them from your iriver.  one thing to mention, is once you select a file or group of files to add\\remove from your iriver, wait until the selected action has completed before attempting another.  if you start one action and then try to start another while the other is still in progress, the later action takes precedent and your computer really begins to lag while it holds the first action on the backburner.  this isn\'t the fault of the iriver, but there is only a set amount of bandwidth that your usb ports can handle.  but just like with any product, you learn how to use it to its peak efficiency so that you get the most out of it and don\'t waste precious time.  basically the only thing that comes with your iriver other than the disk with wmp10 and the rubber sleeve for your iriver, is the power cable and the usb connector.  although these are in reality two different cables, you must connect them together in order to recharge your iriver.  the cable that connects your iriver to your usb port can be used independently.  the power cable hooks into the usb cable.  from past reviews, you may have heard that the power cable doesn\'t want to stay connected unless you go to extreme measures (like "taping the cables together").  i\'m not sure where the person who said that got it.  it\'s possible he got a defective one, because mine seems to work just fine.  the power cable stays hooked into other cable without a problem.  the iriver also fully recharges (from a dead battery) in right around 4 hours (give or take).  don\'t expect to receive your iriver with a full battery.  mine came with about 25 minutes of battery life when i took it out of the box.   all in all, h20 is quite a machine.  i\'ve found it to be reliable, and well worth the $270 i paid for it.      *whispers* get the red one . . .  ', 'this little system is worth the $250 dollars i payed hands down! it kills ipod in durablility and features, and is almost too good to be true. sure apple just released an ipod video, but archos has been doing this for quite some time and has "mastered the technique" of watching video. so don\'t spend your money, buy an archos gmini 402 today!!!  ', 'pro: it has a bigger lcd to play photos. it is slim, and well constructed, and looks great.  cons:  1) for $240 unit, the quality of sound is not impressive.            2) for the unit i own, the battery never runs 30 hours as samsung claims. it only lasts no more than 8 hours without playing any photos.            3) recharging battery is a big headache. first of all, you must connect the unit to a computer with window xp. sometimes, when i try to connect the unit to my computer, it is not able to get through. my computer does not recognize the unit. i have to restart my computer several times before get the unit connected. then it takes 4.5 hours to 5 hours to fully recharge the battery. it is ridiculous for a mp3 running less than 8 hours, and then takes 4-5 hours to fully recharge.   ', 'when i was shopping for our kids x-mas presents here on amazon i thought an inexpensive mp3 player would fit the bill. checking out the literature and reviews nothing indicated there would be compatiblity problems with apple products. we purchased two zen nanos only to find out the ugly truth, not only do mp3 players work only with microsoft products, only ipods work with apple products.    ', "i wish i had a zune to review! i ordered this well over a week ago with amazon's *guarantee* to be delivered in time for christmas! well guess what ... it is now christmas eve and there is no zune under my tree for my son. that is very poor service, amazon! to follow up on this ... i contacted amazon and they immediately shipped another in its place which arrived in 2 days. i appreciated their efforts to make the best out of a misfortunate situation.  ", 'i have to admit that i was seriously dissapointed with my sansa view.  after reading about the sansa view, i honestly believed that it was a great product, so i bought 2 (one for me and one for a friend).  the main reason i picked the sansa was for the back up of the sandisk brand name, which should be great.... after two days of use i was very happy with the device, but all of a sudden, the screen went black and it just stopped working.  you could turn it on and the blue ring would shine, but nothing else worked (buttons, screen, etc.).  on the other hand my friends device was working "ok", if it weren\'t for the fact that the screen sometimes wouldn\'t have a clear image (it would shake and unstable).  i wrote the sansa support team an email, but i never heard back from them.  we decided to return the devices, and i\'ll defenitly never buy any sandisk product again, other than their flash memory cards.  ', "this product was a christmas gift for my nephew.  he didn't get to keep it because it said on the packaging that it contains a chemical that causes birth defects.  i felt really bad that he didn't get to enjoy the mp3 player.   ", "i waited a couple of months for the 16gb view.  when i received it i tried to insert 4 additional gbs in the additional memory slot.  the micro disk flipped out hit me in the nose and disappeared in my car. those things are so small i never found it.  turns out that the spring in the expansion slot was broken.  i returned the view for another one.  this time the problem was the battery which wouldn't stay charged for more than 1 to 2 hours.  this mp3 needs a lot of work.  i had the e200 series 8 gb for about a year and enjoyed it but the view is a waste of money.  beware.    ", "after reading all of the reviews.  i read the entire product manual that is available on this page before i purchased this item.  once i got it in the mail.  i read over the manual that was included in the box which is for the very basics.  in order to completely get the full understanding and know how to operate it you must definately read the extended manual.  it is very easy to operate once you read it.  i initially bought this to have my son's video's for road trips and i found myself putting my husbands and my favorite dvd's on here as well.  i put my mp3's by using the hard drive feature.  this is truly a great device, it really does all the things that is featured.  i didn't like the sound at first but after going in and adjusting the setting in the main menu.  i am very pleased with the sound. i love that i am able to plug this into a tv  to view the movies that i have in my media player.  i haven't had enough time to test the battery life.  i am looking forward to seeing if it will really go six hours when we go to hawaii this winter.  the main reason i love this device is for the storage on this device.  i haven't had any problems with my device and i purchased it in june.  i wanted to wait a while before writing a review because i based my purchase on the reviews.  if you have had problems return it and get another one.  maybe it was just a bad unit.  you won't be dissapointed.  great product!  ", 'this is a nice little 6gb player. the touch pad is very touchy and takes a bit to get used to it. sound is good and may be better than my old ipod. the only real down side is that unless you have another program the people at philips leave you with media player 10 which is not the best for managing media files.  you need winxp sp1 to run this thing and it is drag and drop ready from there which is very nice to have. its the size of a cedit card and fits nicely into my pockets. the navigation menues are nice and the touch pad makes it a breeze to select all the options. it has several different power and lighting settings to save battery life. i havent let it run down but the most i have gotten is 14hrs on a full charge with the display settings all set in the mid range.  i would recommend this mp3 player for anyone looking at this size hd it is solid player with good looks and sound.   as for the reviewer that had the player die on them, you can do a soft reset by holding the power and + volume keys at the same time for a few seconds and then just power it up.  ', "i just recieved this device, and after about two weeks of using it, it is just amazing. i dont understand why anyone would buy the much more expensive ipod video($400), when you can get this for roughly 250(got mine for $237). the music capabilities are anything you would expect from an mp3 player. the sound is good, and the interface is comparable to ipod, maybe not as good. the video capabilites of this device are what make it special. archos states that the player will only play divx mpeg4's but that is not true...it will also play any xvid coded videos without conversion. the reason i gave this device an 4 instead of a 5 is b/c the coversion software that comes with the player sucks. i've tried to convert 10 different videos with different settings and no matter what the sound is always faster then the video. basically, if u dont have videos that will already play on the gmini without conversion, dont count on the conversion working. luckily, most of my videos or movies were alreayd divx or xvid encoded so they worked.  ", "just wrote a review of the creative zen vision which i ordered and returned last week because of the incredibly bad screen viewing angle.  no such problem with the epson!  the epson arrived a few days ago. the screen is wonderful. everything the vision should have been. clear, sharp and easily viewed from a much wider angle. no shimmering at all. same size, same dimensions (640x480) but has a zoom feature that works very well.  the epson doesn't have the same tight build as the vision and the device is a considerably bigger in size, with a slightly cheaper, plastic body. slightly bigger hard drive. also has an sd/mmc card slot in addition to the cf slot. essentially the same functions as the vision but no fm radio. i didn't buy the vision nor the epson for the radio.  that said i'm really happy with the way pictures appear on the epson and will certainly keep it but still miss the build quality of the vision.  video playback is very clean with no stutters. sharp image. haven't tested the music playback much but seems fine. the external speaker is fair for such a device but certainly no substitute for even the most basic of computer speakers.  the device boots fairly quickly (5 seconds or so, much faster than the vision). navigation is simple. file transfer is very simple to manage.  the battery drains fairly rapidly (about an hour of playback of photo's) but it does pop up a screen recommending you recharge (nice).  it doesn't come with a mini to rca cable (the vision does) for playback from the device to a tv. they recommend you buy one in the manual (gee thanks).  any photographer should be happy with this device. not as portable or elegant as the vision but the screen wins hands down, i kid you not.  ", 'thanks for the good service we received on this item.  it arrived in good shape and as expected.  ', "i purchased this item less than a week ago from a local retail chain.  it did not occur to me until after i got it home that my mac would not work with it.  my husband told me that there was no way that it would work properly if at all with our computer.  so, luckily he felt sorry for me and took it back to the store:)  to my suprise and delight, he returned home with an ipod.  i am so much happier with this one.  besides, next to the ipod, the zen looks too much like a toy for my five year old daughter.  so, if you have a mac or a really mean husband, don't get the zen.  ", "almost 3 years ago, i think, i got this little samsung. it has traveled across the world with me and survived a freezing winter in eastern europe. it was probably the best mp3 player i have ever had the chance to use. i have dropped it multiple times, it's been tossed and squished and banged up and still (for the most part) works. but sadly, it no longer works and i've had to replace it. none of samsung's products seemed as good as this one, and i ended up getting a zune. but i still wish they made this product in an 8gb form. exactly this one, because i love how sturdy it was. i worry about breaking my zune...  ", 'i\'ve owned two of these players and other than the 1g storage, i would put them up against anything out there. the "street mode" boosts the output so that even the lowest volume files play with plenty of punch.  ', "i'm a fanatic...i normallly do alot of research before buying anything...i looked at the creative zen, mini-ipod etc. then i came across this beauty by chance on amazon, released at the start of april. it is incredible..very light and tiny, beautiful clear screen, user-friendly software, great sound. the earphones included are terrible but thats pretty normal for this sort of purchase. everyday use is childs-play, uploading songs is quick and easy. controls are perfect too and well-designed.  i took a chance and bought this without any real knowledge of its reliability..so far so good..dropped it already and no problems. also comes with a handy case.   most of my friends have mini ipods...i was tempted to join the masses...but everyone agrees this jukebox is superior...and its far nicer to look at..the aluminium finish is superb, though it does get smudged easily. i am a very proud owner so far. added addition is ability to look at photos.  be brave and buy this...you will not be disappointed!!!  ", "it looks like the best player ever made. until, of course, the warranty expires.   and then we find out everything wrong with it...  it scratches more easily than you would believe.  every new album i've put on it has blanked out the entire player and made me have to format it and resync my entire library.  it holds nothing like 1gb of songs. more like 900 mb. it records so quietly you can hardly hear it.  the earbuds hardly work.   i would not buy this again, given 70 bucks. i would go for a completely different brand, different model. and next time i won't be fooled by 4 glowing reviews.   ", 'i\'ve purchased my hd-340 last week, having upgraded from my rioriot (20gig).  it does everything it claims to do and quite well.  the sound output is sufficient to drown out any other noise and the all the equalizer settings from srs labs really fills the sound quite nicely.  the screen display is bright, even in daylight and displays jpeg images from my 4 megapixel camera without conversions.  however, you might want to carefully read the specs and the manual:  1) there are two usb ports, one for media and another for data.  the media port is usb 1.1 and the data port is usb 2.0.  this is important because if you use a software plugin that recognizes the iriver as a media device, you only get usb 1.1 (using the media port).  however, if you plug in the data port, the device shows up as a driver letter in windows with usb 2.0 speed.  use normal file copying to get your music over, or else you\'ll be spending days.  don\'t worry, if you install the software, you get a program which runs each time you connect into the data port, which (re)builds the id3 database on the device.  2) it would be nice if there was an option to display the album art in a mp3 file in the glorious display.  hopefully a firmware update?  3) browsing and selecting files to play can take more time than necessary.  it would be great if you could select by first letter and get to a subset.  if your artist name starts with an "l", expect to scroll through half the list, either way you go.  hopefully another firmware update????  4) accessories are not yet available (nov 26, 2004) except for a better case, which also shows the screen.    5) the included case is extremely sturdy and protective, but only allows access to the "top" connections, the "lock" button on the side and the microphone on the other side.  you have to remove the device from the case if you want to change anything (although this should be understood, since the controls are in the center), but a clear plastic window could provide access to these buttons.  although it sounds like i don\'t like it, that is far from the truth.  a better case and a small firmware patch would make it perfect.  the fm tuner and the ability to record via line-in, mic and tuner, the display, and the fact that the controls are flush with the unit and less likely to get damaged make this far better than any other harddrive based player out there.   ', "my husband and i bought this mp3 player for our 5 year old son over 6 months ago based on reviews i read here.  just as everyone said, it's very easy to use:  easy to put music on it, very easy to take music off, and recording is a breeze!  it has withstood the not so gentle attentions of an active 5year old boy and stills works like a charm.  recently i took it to my sweet adeline's chorus rehearsal.  after my disappointment in a much more expensive digital recorder i decided to give this little guy a try.  the microphone is great!  it records a whole chorus just as clearly as it does one voice, very little static or fuzz.  it's so easy for me to upload my rehearsals to my computer; just plug it into the usb and i'm ready to go.  my reasons for not giving it a 5 star are that i've noticed it sometimes seems unresponsive when i try to navigate the menu (could just be user related), and the cap over the usb has become loose.  while it still stays on during use, it's not as snug as it used to be.  but seriously, such a little complaint for such a great, inexpensive product.  ", 'i bought this player because of all the good reviews and it had a built in fm radio, line in recording and it had a drag and drop feature for copying files.  when i got the player i was immediately disappointed because the player though very light was made of very cheap plastic.  also, the buttons does not seem very sturdy.  the mp3 sound quality is good but the fm radio reception is very poor.  i previously had a nomad ii, which had a much better reception.  the line in recording is very useful but it is of very poor quality and so it is not really worth it.  it is much better to use a computer to encode the mp3 songs.  i am definitely returning mine and my hunt for another player continues.   ', 'hi from what i see the ipod nano has great durabiulty great sound and lots of other things.i do not have one but i hope i will be getting one for one of my presents .my friend has it.it is so cool.good jod apple  ', 'unfortunately i when i put searched "pocketdish" on the amazon website, this product came up leading me to believe that this was compatible with my dishnetwork dvr -- it is not.  i am sure it is a great product, but not at all what i was looking for.  ', "the archos av500 is no joke. it truly does allow you to do everything it states. it just has a bit of a learning curve. do not expect it to work just like your best friend's ipod. i got all my 2000+ songs on the device with no trouble at all, but the key factor (recording video) just wasnt working for me. after owning my av500 for about 6 hours i had every intention of sending it back and giving it a terrible review on amazon.com. i swore it was the most user unfrendly thing i'd ever used. i slept on my frustration and approched the device the next morning. i was not going to let my new toy defeat me. by that afternoon, i was watching revenge of the sith and band of brothers in perfect dvd quality. now, almost a week later i am just simply loving my av500. it goes everywhere with me and i've mastered it down to the littlest detail. when your looking for the best in dvr and portable entertainment, look no further than this. it works wonderfully and the screen is awesome. when looking at it from every angle, there is no glare. this makes it easy for people at your sides to enjoy videos also. the resolution is terrific and navigating thru files is simple. and the fact that you can store music on here is no tack-on. the quality you get out of the music is fantastic too. i did go out and buy some better headphones as the earbuds supplied where too big for my eyes and a bit chinsy in quality. however, the actual device is no joke. it is quality and you feel privilleged to hold it. another thing i should point out before closing is that the battery life is awesome - 15 hours of audio, about 5 hours of video. the battery did not almost make the estimated time, it surpassed it. so that makes me really happy. i also had really great technical support when stumped on a few things. the archos av500 is a great, great little toy that does everything it promises. the only thing i suggest is reading the manual and contacting support because your bound to be stumped on a few things. but once you learn the basics, this thing couldn't be easier. absolutley wonderful. thanks for reading.  ", 'i got a "hands-on" look at these at my local apple store.  i think this is the best ipod yet.  it\'s even smaller than i thought, yet feels very sturdy.  an advatage over other ipods is that it uses flash memory instead of a hard drive and still has a screen.  flash memory is more durable - no moving parts, perfect for exercise.  there are some downsides.  the battery will eventually wear out, forcing you to replace the entire ipod unit.  storage capacity is not expandable - bad if you find you want more space. it doesn\'t come with many accesories - you\'ll have to buy them separately.  overall, this is one of the best portable audio players available.  i guess quality comes with a price, but there is a way to get the 4gb ipod nano in your choice of color for free! [...] this is not a scam - it\'s a legitimate offer from gratis internet, who\'ve received much media attention after giving away millions in products like ipods and psps, just to name a few.  this company\'s offers have been verified on cnn headline news, wired news, bbc news, tech tv, nbc news, etc.  i frankly thought this was too good to be true, until i saw all the proof that\'s out there!  whether you choose to purchase it or get it for free, i highly recommend the ipod nano!  ', 'i got this as a gift from my wife just this past christmas. it completely died mid-song while i was walking to the supermarket. and that was only the fourth or fifth time that i used it. caveat emptor.   ', "a year or so ago i was given an i-river mp3 player by my then girlfriend/now wife as a gift and was thrilled by the sound quality and size/weight, not to mention the fact that by buying i-river i wasn't supporting the all-consuming i-pod hysteria that seemed to be taking over the world. the honeymoon thereafter was wonderful, and lasted up until about 2 months ago, when inexplicably the i-river went into full crash mode, allowing me only the insignia, and nothing else. when i called the i-river customer service, i was notified that since i had no proof of purchase (my wife had lost the receipt) that i would be relegated to paying for technical service (59.99, paid in advance), even though it was well under the two year warrantable period. i was treated rudely at that time, but i understood that it was my fault for not having the receipt and gladly accepted my fate in the hands of their outsource technicians, av sense, based in california. the only problem-av sense is terrible!!! they don't explain their procedure for returns (except that you have to send them the $60 via web portal/ paypal first, before they can answer any questions), their web support is sketchy, with non-existent representatives and no phone numbers for direct access, and when you do get in touch with them, they seem as confused as you. after re-sending it to them twice (and finally digging one of their personal phone numbers out of the bowels of the internet) they sent me back, once again, an mp3 full of glitches that once again crashed only days after receiving it. my attempt to contact a real customer service representative from the actual i-river company ended at peter, who claimed to be the top of the totem pole for complaints and dissatisfied customers. certainly he would care that a loyal, honest i-river customer had been put through unnecessary headache over and over again, right? nope. peter wasn't the least bit concerned, even after i'd calmly and articulately detailed the ordeal, about anything i'd been through.  he didn't seem the least bit concerned that the tech support company he and his company were sending their customers to was wholly incompetent. there wasn't even an `i'm sorry' tone in his voice. he simply said `too bad', and when i asked if i could please contact his supervisor by either email or phone he again said `no, i don't want to give that information out.'  the moral to the story is, if this is the way i-river customers are treated, and this is the kind of support they're giving for their products, perhaps i should rethink my disdain for i-pod. at the very least, i'm sure they're outsource techs are more competent. and i'm sure they're customer representatives are better trained and more respectful than young peter.   just my opinion.     ", 'love this, love this, just wish it had a radio, almost all the features of an ipod, but less money!  ', 'great player for a decent price.  excellent sound quality (and quite loud), great build quality, 8 hour battery life isn\'t bad, but could be much better.  navigating the device is fairly straight forward, but unfortunately there are no dedicated buttons for volume adjustment.  the player has a few problems correctly displaying and reading id3 tag information, and rarely is able to sort an album by track number.  sometimes tracks are listed alphabetically by title, sometimes by track number, and sometimes it seems randomly listed, perhaps by filename.  the player\'s database also incorrectly reads the genre field of the id3 tags, and usually displays duplicate genres such as one being "rap" and another being "rap (15)" - which i could understand, if the tracks were tagged using different software, but i had this happen within one album that somehow got split between the two genres.  also, be aware that since tracks are stored in a single folder on the device, having a track such as "01 - artist - intro.mp3" will prevent a song on a different album, with the same track number and title from the same artist, from transferring to the device at all.   usb host function worked flawlessly with my canon s230 digital camera (when set from "normal transfer" to "p2p/pictbridge transfer").  fairly large 3mp photos that were transferred, loaded quickly into the photo viewer and displayed at a "fit-to-screen" size.  i was, however, very disappointed by the "album cover" feature - album cover art cannot be displayed from the "now playing" screen, like the toshiba gigabeat f-series & ipod photo, but instead must be assembled into a slide-show using the provided software, that links the album cover with existing mp3s on the device.  the finished slide-show album is then accessible only from the photo/slide-show section of the device, which therefore removes the functionality of sorting albums and skipping tracks within an album.  this feature could have been implemented much better, with tighter integration into the normal audio section of the device, and roughly 50% of the slide-show albums i made wouldn\'t even play at all.  however, regular photo viewing worked extremely well and photos resized with the provided software looked fairly decent on the small screen.  other features, such as the eq worked rather well, but sound quality was better (and louder) with the eq turned off.  i have not used the mic and line-in mp3 encoder, or a-b repeat yet, but it seems that this function might be nice for students that wish to record a lecture, and later transcribe it.  although the package is clearly labeled "xp only", the device worked just fine on windows 2000 pro (sp4).  the suggested method of song transfer is the included napster software, which worked just fine once i upgraded to their newest version.  overall, napster is a bulky music management solution that is very slow at transferring songs, and requires that you create a free account with the company and be online anytime you wish to use it.  i quickly uninstalled napster, and now use the non-u.s. version of samsung\'s "music studio" (not included) which is similar, but more streamlined and works somewhat like winamp.  windows media player is also suggested for transferring songs, though my 9 series insisted on converting existing mp3s into wmvs before transferring to the device.  the wmvs did play just fine, and i\'m assuming xp\'s 10 series would handle mp3s much better.  hopefully, once the u.s. 1.0 firmware is released, they may or may not have addressed some of the issues in the devices functionality.  also, be sure to note, that no carrying case is provided, and currently only noreve makes a case (though somewhat expensive) that properly fits this particular model.  so while this device is extremely capable of being an excellent dap, time will tell, if samsung\'s upcoming firmware will make use of its potential.  i\'d also like to suggest comparing this player to toshiba\'s gigabeat f20 and f21, samsung\'s upcoming yh-j70, and mobiblu\'s vmp3 dvh-100 (if they are ever released for sale in the united states).  ', "i've purchased this item, and i must say that this is one of the best mp3 players (of its genre) i've ever tried.  the controls are easy-to-use, the sound is great and, what a beautiful design!  it has nothing to envy to any mac product because of the design. also, the recorder is a good plus (35+ hours)  in one word, excellent  ", 'i own the 512 meg version in black.  i saw this white version and thought the color plain looking, but i didn\'t realize until i came home that the cool protective rubber holder is a frosted white rubber, so the white player actually looks much better in the holder than it looks by itself.  had i known that, i would have considered this less expensive model.  still, though i have it in 512 meg black, i like this player very much.  i wanted an mp3 player for working out and running. i am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one. what i read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome: countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems. so i picked up a memorex biomorph (i liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months. (i "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn\'t help.) i went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost. and i set out to read all the reviews i could before buying another mp3 player. i read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the creative muvo series.   my requirements: driverless flash drive [i use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and i want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends\' computers, mac or pc, and share files/music], arm band for working out, fm radio, small and light [so a aaa battery model, not aa], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable). microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   the muvo series fit the bill. i wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it\'s mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music. i came close to buying the muvo slim, because i loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by usb, and i think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so i went for the muvo n200 ("micro").   so far the unit has really impressed me. the memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge. the muvo micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material. it has a well-sewn extra place to secure the muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch. the memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the biomorph, while the muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the muvo slips into. it\'s pretty cool: clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce). in addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible: i.e. it\'s not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons). the buttons are well laid out, too. even after four months, i always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the memorex. the muvo makes more sense. for example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen. the volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins: so it\'s easy to make second nature. the play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don\'t accidentally hit that. overall, a very good layout.   the lcd screen is small, but it\'s sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc. as others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn\'t bother me.   the menus make a lot of sense. one very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down. this way you can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it. it\'s those little things that i was happy creative thought of.   another thing: i was quite surprised that the memorex didn\'t get very loud. i usually had the volume on maximum. the muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so i can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.   the earbuds which came with the memorex were painful and were garbage, but the creative earbuds are actually pretty good. i did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so i\'ll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which i prefer. but i was still pleased with the quality of the creative earbuds: e.g. they don\'t hurt.   the usb 2.0 cable that comes with the muvo is a small-standard usb cable, which means that it\'s the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices. this means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means i can just share the cable i use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.   i haven\'t tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable. i also plan on trying some rechargeable batteries.  when i do, i\'ll revise the review.   one final recommendation: i do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out. i saw a picture of a sandisk i was considering, and it looked small, but when i saw it in person, it was huge compared to the micro.   ', 'alright, i\'m somewhat crammed with homework, but i just had to give a short mini-review of the lovely gigabeat. i\'m a college student, and at 19 years old, life is pretty hectic, and so tedious walking in-between classes made me want something more. i know a lot about mp3 players, desiring on since uh...probably since i was a junior. an ipod would be nice, but i\'m not even close to the definition of rich, so i decided to stick with my cd player. eventually, i saved up enough to get myself a christmas present, and so i traded in a 512mb ipod shuffle i got for my birthday for a gigabeat at costco. it was the best decision i\'ve ever made. at 249 at costco, which is the same price for: ipod nano 4gb or creative zen microphoto 8gb, the gigabeat trumps those competitors with its massive size of 40gb, although its way larger than a nano and slightly bigger than a microphoto. the screen however, is to die for, as its 2.2" and has the same qvga resolution as the new ipod 5th gen, but with 200,000 more colors. this thing is beggin\' for video. i saw the gigabeat x30, which sadly isn\'t released in the us, but rather japan, which costs $311 on some website, is shorter than the 40 and doesn\'t feature the protrusion on the back of the f40, which is quite weird. i quickly installed the gigabeat room, and found that it was very buggy. it froze on multiple times, and it has a few other bugs (i will explain later).  the pros and cons (rolled into one) +the screen is amazing. what can i say? however, the sunshine\'s glare makes it nearly impossible to read anything, and the fonts usually "white" and if you download other qvga wallpapers, it\'ll sometimes be unreadable in some spots. the screen themes are all cool, making it truly stand out against the ipod. -no video! ;( gah! this thing is crying for video, due to its qvga display (the same as ipod 5th gen), and its fairly large size of 2.2 (the x30\'s 2.4 would be even better though). it could be possible through a firmware upgrade, but toshiba\'s forgotten about the us (as its already released 3.0 firmware for japan, and three other gigabeats, two who sucueed the f40! the p5 and p10 are their new japan-only flash-players, and the f41 (which doesn\'t feature the protrusion), but looks exactly the same otherwise, and the x30, which i\'ve already talked about.  +size? this is both a pro and a con, because the new x30 is .57 thick, and the f40 is like .65, i believe. the ipod is only .43 thick, and it weighs only 4.8, while the f40 weighs 5.75 oz. i know that the x30 weighs less than the f40, but i\'m not sure by how much, but it probably weighs more than the ipod. the size fits into a pocket perfectly, but it doesn\'t fit in any ipod case, so you\'ll have to either: a) find a sock and cut and sew it into the perfect shape (i did that) or b) spend $19, which includes shipping, and by from onecall (the supplier), a zcover silicone case, which works fine.  +the player\'s shell: the casing is amazingly durable, as i\'ve dropped the player once, from...probably 4\'? and it landed smack onto thin carpet and paused for 1 sec before playing again. the shell resists against most scratches. it also feels really good in my hand, and i love the metal as it rubs against my hand.  -the player\'s shell: the metal wrapping that\'s a darker grey than the rest starts to squeak and very slightly, starts to move back and forth just a little, and i\'ve only had this player for like 2 weeks. hopefully, this doesn\'t mean that the player will have future problems.  +dedicated volume button. that\'s great! +plustouch: this is a minor "plus", as you actually have to not just "touch", but you have to apply force. touching will make it sometimes move and sometimes not. just push harder.  -plustouch: you begin on the first entry in artist/album, etc, so you\'ll have to scroll all over again if you go back. also, from the top, you can\'t just hold the up button to go to the bottom of the list, you have to do a quick-tap to move it, then hold it down to move farther up once you reach the bottom. this is extremely aggrivating, since it requires two movements, a tap and a hold to move to the bottom of the list. also, from the main menu (if you\'re playing a song), you can\'t return to the now playing screen without swiping your finger from left to right across the plustouch. plus!!the manual doesn\'t state this! you have to figure it out on your own!! -the side controls: okay, whenever my friends try to use the player, its pretty hard for them to figure it out. i mean, what kind of designer makes the on/off button return to the main menu from the "now playing" section? you can\'t figure that out without having someone to tell you, or without reading the manual, or without having to try and mess with it to figure it out.  -no usb 2.0 for anything but gigabeat room! toshiba is making you use gr is you want to transfer anything in usb 2.  +subscription services. yay! it works with yahoo unlimited to go, but unfortunately they just raised the prices from 4.99 to 9.99, so dang. +battery life: hmm. this is a tricky category. well, i\'ve gotten 17 hours, 24 minutes on the first overnight drain, but then, i got 15 hours 45 minutes when i actually used it at school. toshiba says 16 hours, so i guess this is pretty close. charging is pretty fast, and you can charge from usb, although you can\'t play music while charging from usb.  -charging: when you are charging, the volume sudden drops dramatically like 3 steps, although it won\'t change on the volume screen. once you unplug, it\'ll return to normal. the first time this happen to me i was like "holy crap. these $40 sony fontopia in-ear 51\'s just died on me!", guess i was wrong.  +/-earbuds: they don\'t fit my ears, and i couldn\'t get them to go in, but they fit my brother, so i dunno. it\'s just about your ear size. i just tossed them aside for my fontopias, which have amazing quality, although they aren\'t worth $40, unless you\'re an audiophile. normal people, just save your money and go with the stocks, if you wish, as they have okay quality (my brother says this), and they have no hissing, which is great. my brother thought they were great stocks, better than his 4th gen ipod photo, so i gave em over to him.  +low priced! you get 40gb for the price of either 4gb flash (ipod nano), or 8gb microdrive (creative z mp), and ipod 5th gen costs 50 bucks more for a .3 bigger screen, less colors, easier navigation, but most of all, 10gb less! 7 (+), 7 (-) the software gawd, this software sucks. both itunes and wmp10 have their share of faults, but at least they ain\'t buggy.  +riprec: this is a great feature, but you can only rip in wma and in 192kbps, which is why i rarely use it. i use wmp10 to rip in mp3s in 320kbps (double the quality), and then use gigabeat room to transfer. the thing transfers directly to the gigabeat, so if you have a dinky 40gb internal hd like me, you\'ll love this feature, although i use a flash memory key to store my music temporarily for gigabeat room.  -bug #1: i planned to download "stripped" to my gigabeat, and so i did, after ripping it from wmp10 first. i\'ve done it plenty of times, but this time, it made me 20 albums in album mode, all of them being named "christina aguilera". however, if you go to artists, "christina aguilera", it\'ll only list her "stripped" album, which isn\'t anywhere in the album folders. wtf??? i deleted the 20 songs, but now, you can\'t delete the 20 "ca" folders. i\'ve tried and tried, even on windows explorer, but those folders refuse to be deleted.  -freeze! gigabeat room froze constantly for me, even though i have a 2.2ghz toshiba laptop with 512mb memory. it sometimes recovers, but sometimes it will freeze and you\'ll have to "end task". this can erase the songs you were trying to download the gigabeat, although sometimes it won\'t. i was downloading the all american rejects, when it froze midway and deleted all the songs that i had already dl\'d from the album.  -the software comes up with a message everytimes you turn it on. annoying.  -you have to go to the gigabeat\'s setup to change whether from wmp10 or gr or choose when start up. the gigabeat was set on wmp10 and the manual doesn\'t state this clearly, at least, how to change the setting. -two manuals! wtf? this is a major sign that you\'ll need a 4th grade reading level. anyways, the major reading that you\'ll have to do gives a sign that this player is complex. and it is. if you don\'t read the manuals, using gr will be difficult, unless you\'re accustomed to throwing manuals away and learning on your own.  -no firmware upgrade! japan\'s already got 3.0 and all we have is 2.02! why, toshiba, why?! -the design and layout of the gigabeat just sucks. it looks ugly, with some of the stuff copied from itunes (such as the metal brushing look on the top.  +set to all: hey it works, and this is very good, since in both itunes and wmp10, you don\'t have this feature so you must tediously go through individual songs, instead of highlighting like the gr and just using sta.  -sat. no, not the tests, ladies and gentlemen, although they share a common factor: they both suck. yes, sat is added to the end of mp3, making the songs you store on the gigabeat locked (although you can still delete them windows explorer style), you can\'t play them anywhere else.  -sat: part 2: okay, this part deserve another negative. you can\'t just store songs on here by draggin and droppin. so therefore, if you were planning to use this player not only to listen to your library, but to store your library (if you have a dinky hd like me 40gbs no less), you\'re outta luck. sat prevents this, so if you\'re against this too, let\'s protest. however, a firmware would fix this, although, toshiba has seem to have left us.  2 (+), 7 (-) conclusion: with bad software, no firmware upgrades (other than 2.0 to 2.02), the gigabeat is bogged down with those faults. however, the player is pretty good, and is "cheap" (listen up if you\'re on a budget!). this decision is basically up to you, now, although i won\'t return my gigabeat, but i\'m going to call tech once i get the time and see if they have a solution to the bugs.   ', "i got the player 3 days ago and so far im loving it. i got the 129.99 refurbrished 1 gig one, and apart for a minor very unnoticeable scratch, it feels and works like new. im very confident that i will not be using the 90 day manufacture warrenty (ill post again if the player breaks down on me).   as for the player, im totaly in love with it. my first impressions when i saw it and picked it up was how light it is, and not to mention very very small (its easy onto the palm of my hand and i have small hands). i expected it tobe much heavier because it was so small.   it has so many functions for such a little player, it can... view photos, text, record voice - fmradio - and directly for another portable audioplayer with an included audio-in wire, there is very powerful(the most powerful fm tuner on a player this size ive ever seen, channels are sooooo clear) stereo fm radio with 20 presets, i think somone wrote on a review there is no playlist...well there is a playist! the player also has a clock and shows the bitrate of the song that is currently playing( a feature i've never seen on a player before).  i've heard a complain its very hard to see the screen, its not bright enough or too glazed. its true when you dont press anything screen goes very black and its hard to see the screen, but once you touch the navigation button it lights up brightly. it becomes very visible and readable even with a small screen.   im not sure about battery life, but i've been using it for 3 days without a recharge and its still on full! i think ive used it for a total of 5 hours. i'm pretty sure it will last you a whole 10 work day.  the player also doubles as a usb storage device, it comes with a very little direct connect usb adapter that turns your player into a thumb drive.   as for the softerware i have not tried it yet, but it does come with software for your music, photos, and text.   the only draw-backs are the earbud headphones are not that great.and the player does not come with a case only a belt clip. the player is sooo cute! i dont wanna get a scratch on it. i hope  a 3rd party makes a case soon.   ", 'i loved this psa player, and then it stopped working two weeks after i received it.  the computer software could not recognize the player and made changing the music impossible.  also, the player stopped working.  i found out, dealing with sonic blue customer service is a nightmare.  it looks as if i may get a new player 1 to 1.5 months after i returned it due to lack of stock on their part.  the player itself was sleek, and easy to use, but<br>eats batteries fast.  rechargeables are needed to make it cost effective.  all in all, the player is a good design, sonis blue and their warranty/customer service get a zero for their help and support.  ', "i bought this a year ago. it lasted a month. it's a piece of crap. when it did work, the volume was pathetic.  but it is poorly designed with small buttons that can be press accidentally too often.  and it just is cheap.  buy a sturdier model or wait.  ", "the first day i got my zen mp3 player, the hard drive immediately stopped working by the second song.  i returned it for a different player and am satisfied with the second player so far.  my only problem with the zen player is that you cannot create files to store different types of music or certain albums, but i guess you can overcome that issue by playing music according to artist, genre, etc...  also, i'm still waiting for my refund from e-parts and more for having to ship out my broken player.  it hasn't come yet.  ", "i bought this because consumer reports gave it a high rating.  i should have read the reviews here first.  it won't even connect with our computer using a usb port i use all the time and we've tried 3 cords, 2 of which are verified.  the device just says 'connecting' and windows says the device is malfunctioning.  i hope we can get our money back since we ordered it through an amazon affiliate.  we've tried some of the settings suggestions posted here to no avail.  i would give it a negative star if that was an option.  maybe it's just this one that is a lemon.  but this is a real disappointment as it was a gift for my husband and i spent a lot of time researching this purchase.  paint me a sucker.  ", 'i did a lot of research beforehand, not only looking at different sansa\'s, but different mp3 players. i was especially looking for an mp3 player with a built in fm tuner, so i could listen to a talk show at night and also listen to music when it was done (all while working out). first off, the fm tuner is a piece of crap. not only is its extremely inconsistent with its clarity, but majority of the time there is to much static to even bear listening to the radio at all. second of all, countless mp3\'s i put on it were read as "bad tracks." (all of these mp3\'s work on my ipod, and aren\'t protected or anything either). playlists on this thing aren\'t worth the hassle. plus, the only case i could find for this thing cost $30 which is what i paid for the player itself!  bottom line, look elsewhere for a mp3 player, especially if you are ever going to use the fm tuner. keep in mind, you get what you pay for, this thing will play music, but is cheap nonetheless. be careful. i never thought of myself as an ipod advocate, but i would definitely pay the extra money for one of those (a thousand times more reliable, simpler, and manageable).  ', "i bought this as an ipod alternative for audible books .  it takes a long time to start and stop and does not return to where you left off in a book accurately.  maddening.  i'd avoid this if you listen to audiobooks.  ", "i really wanted to like this product.  with sd slot with flash based memory and wi-fi, you can't hardly miss, right?  archos missed the broad side of the barn on this one.    what it does do right; beautiful display, responsive touch screen, easy gui and file transfer it is more then crippled by its numerous short comings.  first, my battery life was more like 3 hours for video.  it was definetely no where near the 5.5 touted on the specs page.  second, it was very prone to lockups will using the wifi.  third, several songs had skips in them after they were transfered to the unit.  lastly, archos technical support was little to no help.  in reference to a question i sent them about the lock-ups, their response was to simply restart the unit.  that's it.  i will be returning this unit for a meizu 8gb.  while it doesn't have wifi or a sd slot, i won't feel handcuffed by the 4gb limitation.  also, according to every review i have read here and at newegg, they are rock solid.  something i can't say about the archos 605.  ", "if the battery worked i would rate this unit a near 5. i really like this player and i wish samsung could fix it. if the battery drains completely the player can't be recharged and will not turn on. i've sent this player back to samsung 3 times for this problem. samsung returns the unit, after 3-4 weeks, working and fully recharged but the problem happens all over again. now it has happened for a 4th time. samsung is either unable or unwilling to fix it. i'm stuck with a lemon.  ", "i bought this player as a christmas gift for my 13 year old. she loves music, but she was tired of lugging around her cd player & cd collection anytime we took a trip. only one disappointment: at the time amazon had the wrong features listed in the description, so i thought it had line-in recording capabilities... it doesn't. if you just need a good basic mp3 player you can't go wrong with this one. it has survived quite a few drops and a good bit of banging around, as it belongs to a young kid. we have had no problems of any type with this player that sees daily use. it is easy to load/manage songs on this player as well. the provided software is easy to use and install. we have loaded music from napster, music match, and personal cds with out a hitch. battery life is as good or better than promised. creative builds a good product that bridges the gap between the cheap-junk players and the almighty ipod. 512k is enough memory for quite a few songs, but some may opt for a bigger capacity. like i said before, if you want a quality, easy to use player at a fair price this may be the one.   ", "i own a video ipod, and have owned previous generation ipods, all of which i have found to be excellent products. i just recently purchased my first nano (the new 3rd generation) and love the looks, size, functions etc.- a potential excellent product. however, i noticed that my new nano often completely freezes up; always after syncing; sometimes while charging; and sometimes while just changing songs, going to the menu, etc. the only way i found to unfreeze the player is to do a hard reset. this is quite an inconvenience and totally unacceptable. i thought maybe i had bought a lemon and would simply return the product for a working replacement. however, after some research, i have learned that this was and is a common problem with the 2nd generation nano. i haven't found much information regarding this issue from others who purchased the 3rd generation - most likely because it was just released a week ago. i plan to return the product and wait until the problem has been corrected. once this is done, i will only have wonderful things to say about the 3rd generation nano.  ", "priced right, works fine.  i'm not happy with the usb connection, it broke in the first week, so all of my music is on the 1 gig sd card i put in.  battery lasts maybe 5 hours.  ", 'if this was 2002, i\'d say "go for it", but today... i must say "don\'t bother" -- this thing is small and thin, but the interface sucks, and is waaaay out of date. not to mention 256 megs is nothing in today\'s world. get an ipod or a comperable mp3 player that is more current technology. this thing deserves to have "hello kitty" stickers placed on it, and be marketed to kids.   ', 'i am real disappointed in this mp3 player. the product discription did not say it would only work with xp or vista and media player 10 or 11. my work computer is windows 2000, so i cannot use the player at work. there is no dock station. it can only work with media player. there is no way to listen to it except by earphones. i wish i had order a zune or creative. i ordered it because of the audio, which i am not impressed with.  ', 'i never had to use customer support, that\'s why it gets four stars. wow i have owned this wonderful toy for a year never had a problem with. i have dropped it! it rebooted and rebuilt the library. it does so much. records, records your favorite radio programs too. (think felix hernandez) keeps data and photos (no video) create play lists whatever suits your mood. it\'s like walking around with your own theme music. an equalizer, choose your list random or planned. play all or play some. adjust the volume. oh and another thing get your own headphones. creative gives you an excellent product then gives you really cheap ear phones. but if your thinking of buying this at 8gb think twice and get more than 3 times as much space for the same price.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ea8u12/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-7876944-6599335">creative zen sleek photo 20 gb multimedia player (aluminum/white)</a> same price but get more, more more! a  little larger, same functions but at 20gb you\'ll lose your mind and make extensive use of amazon\'s very varied music library.  ', "great quality product, great sound and excellent design. i'm a little concerned about the sliding cover for the usb connector though. i guess it's not such a great deal! :d     ", "most of the good reviews i have seen were from people who just bought this mp3 player.  if you notice the on,off and volume switches on the top, they are plastic.  it looks like metal but they are not.  you can only bend or press plastic too many times before it breaks off.  i called the company about this and they wanted $99 to fix it.  anyone knows you can't press on a plastic piece over and over again.  they told me tough luck.  sure it was nice for the first week but who cares if its inoperable in a month!  ", "i considered many different mp3 players before purchasing this one.  several things made the myvo tx fm 512 standout from other similar products.  first was the durability, i am not the most careful person, i have accidently dropped it on a few occasions, including once from the car onto blacktop, but if you look at it you cannot tell that it has ever been dropped.  next was the storage capacity.  512mb is plenty of storage space.  i have yet to run out of space, i am now up to 38 different bands with about 3 songs apiece.  the price was very good.  even though the ipod shuffle may be a few dollars left it is a little less reliable and lacks a screen to tell you what song you are on.  another good feature is the navigation, using windows i made a folder for every band,  it is very easy to move from folder to folder using the small joystick.  i had two slight complaints with this little gizmo.  the first is that the included headphones are very small and uncomfortable.  i replaced the included ones with a pair of my own and and now happy.  the other complaint i have is the included software.  it probably works fine, but i don't have much patience and after a few minutes when i couldn't figure it out i decided to drag and drop and it worked perfectly.  ", 'the one star is because i cant give a negative i bought this mp3 thinking it would be awesome. 6 gigs, color screen, touch sensitive...for 200 dollars too good to be true, and it is. ive had 2 of these players. the fisrt: i loaded my songs, around 600 or so, and let it charge for around half an hour, i admit-a bad idea, but it powered and the battery showed half full, so i took it with me to a friends house to listen to. after about 15 minutes, i turned it off. a little later when i wanted to turn it on it would not come on. i tried charging it over night, it still wouldnt power. so the next day i returned it and got a second player. i charged it for the recommmended five hours, plus one for good luck, and put all my songs on it again. this player worked fine for about a week. until the exact thing happened as did with the first. i went to turn it on, after listening to it less than an hour before, and it would power up. so i brought it home, charged it for about an hour and it still wouldnt work.  the moral of the story....philips isnt as good as i had expected, although the headphones are nice, and the touch sensitive is cool.....it doesnt work, atleast mine didnt. please try to find anothr alternative...  ', 'the ipod was cafefully packaged as promised. i recieved this before christmas, which was a great time saver for me.  ', "the software that accompanies this device lets it down...  <p>* the tracks you save are stored in a hidden database on your pc so you cannot treat them as you would normal files.<br>* if you ever decide to use a different brand of player you will not be able to move your songs from the database.<br>* if you try and import a second cd the software assumes the new cd has the same number of tracks as the previous one, this means you have to restart the software regularly.<br>* the software is generally slow to respond to button clicks which makes it feel clumsy.<p>the player itself is great but suffers from the following problems...<p>* files cannot be copied directly to the player using file manager.<br>* you cannot play mp3s only atrac files, which you havn't heard of because nobody else uses them.<p>if you don't mind the prospect of rebuilding your 'atrac' collection when you decide to buy real mp3 player or you want to remain loyal to sony for the rest of your life then buy this player.  ", 'i never had to use customer support, that\'s why it gets four stars. wow i have owned this wonderful toy for a year never had a problem with. i have dropped it! it rebooted and rebuilt the library. it does so much. records, records your favorite radio programs too. (think felix hernandez) keeps data and photos (no video) create play lists whatever suits your mood. it\'s like walking around with your own theme music. an equalizer, choose your list random or planned. play all or play some. adjust the volume. oh and another thing get your own headphones. creative gives you an excellent product then gives you really cheap ear phones. but if your thinking of buying this at 8gb think twice and get more than 3 times as much space for the same price.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ea8u12/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/105-1437992-4183657">creative zen sleek photo 20 gb multimedia player (aluminum/white)</a> same price but get more, more more! a  little larger, same functions but at 20gb you\'ll lose your mind and make extensive use of amazon\'s very varied music library.  ', "the size of the player fits perfectly in my hand and the pink color is cute too. the menu button is easy to use except the hold feature is little bit annoying. i am still trying to figure out how to use the sonicstage software. but for anyone who wants to listen mp3 format music, it is better to download the mp3 file manager software from sony website. you can use the drag and drop feature once you download the software to your player. but i am only able to drag music files from my mp3 music cd which i don't know why. overall the player works great once you figure out how to load music to it.  ", "i was very impressed with the service i got from this company. i called in to see if they had an arm band that i could put my mp3 player in. they said that they didn't have one yet but are getting them in a few months. they went the extra mile to email me the search page on amazon that had arm bands and the links for the ones they know fit well. i just got my arm band and it is perfect. now i can throw my mp3 player in my bag and not worry about it.   ", 'this mp3 player is perfect for my everyday transit to school of about 1 hour everyday. the bass response and high frequencies are noted very well on the included ear buds. the lanyard and hip clip are well constructed too.  my brother has dealt with his apple, and i do feel sorry for him. he had a 512mb ipod shuffle. it worked fine for a long while until he tried to remove one song and itunes ended up removing all of the songs. the software is much simpler on the samsung, because if you are running windows xp no additional software is needed. all you do is drag from anywhere in your computer and drop into your removable drive folder where the samsung usb is attatched.  i have dropped it onto cement on several occasions and have found no damage to the case or the storage capabilities. i have also placed text and images and they are easily viewed on the high resolution screen.   and at a price of only $150 its a mini-mini-ipod with built in practicality, or you can think of it as a mass storage usb device with a headphone jack, either way you still get a great working device.  ', "wow, this mp3 player is amazing!! if you managed to get one during the christmas deal at best buy like me, you got a great deal! they gave you a 50$ gift card to best buy for buying it. it only costs 80$, and is a 512 mb mp3 player! it may not have fm radio function, but you bought this for mp3's not radio. you use windows media player 10 to manage this. it has great design and it looks awesome! if you want an inexpensive mp3 player, that is great, and gives you a coupon for a month of free downloads at napster to-go, then you have to buy this one. forget the iriver t10, this is great!  ", 'good or bad, this marks the beginning of the microdrive convergence into pdas and cellphones.  yes, south korea, china, and japan have had microdrive pdas for awhile now, but this is the us debut of real storage, and a definitive shift away from hotsync to a more-generic external drive model.  think about that for a moment.  even microsoft powerpcs don\'t support a pure external drive model of synchronizing.  this allows you to just connect to a central data store (via bluetooth, wifi, or usb) and bring your mp3 files over.  or word documents.  whatever.  it\'s not the data storage that\'s most impressive here, it\'s the final surrender of palm\'s hotsync methodology.  that\'s the big news here.  of course, this device represents a compelling upgrade for older pda users.  storage at near 4gb means the ipod mini or zen micro are less attractive electronics, by virtue of their single-function purpose.  the os has been ramped up, and it still runs most of the legacy palm apps (you will find that more and more apps are not migrating, though).  the extra treat of bluetooth and wifi radios means you can use a bluetooth keyboard, connect to a bluetooth cellphone, maybe stream music to your bluetooth bmw.. or use wifi to stream to a wifi stereo system, receive that stream and playback, grab mp3s from your basement machine, and so forth.  i can see this being used as a web pad in most homes, allowing for some web browsing, some mp3 playback, and more importantly, remotely viewing another pc on a home network (maybe to shuffle music playback or check email).  of course, having wifi or bluietooth in a pda is not groundbreaking; having both isn\'t either, but it\'s impressive and long overdue.  the sum of features makes this a worthy addition if you\'re looking for a new pda, or if you want something much more than an ipod mini or creative zen micro.  however, if you hang on a few months, maybe to q4 2005, nokia will have a cellphone with a 4gb (maybe 6gb by that time) microdrive, and then the electronics landscape changes forever, because no one will want "just an mp3 player" ever again (unless they really don\'t want a cellphone or handheld computer).  fred  ', "this isn't worth the money. save your pennies for a few more weeks & buy a different mp3 player. this is little more than a toy included in a cereal box.  ", "this is the coolest mp3 player i've ever seen! you wont believe how thin it is until you try to hold it on your palm! here are some reasons why i love this mp3 player:  - incredibly small, thin, and very light. - well designed, fit on your palm, pocket, or pencil case. - high resolution colour screen, shows albumart, photos, and games in colors. - superb sound. - click wheel; easy navigation as the original ipod. - new features:   > world clock   > stopwatch   > screen lock - now with itunes 5, it's easy to sync addressbook, calendar, etc between ms outlook and ipod nano. - with flash memory, the nano is 100% skip free; a true sport companion. - headphone jack at the bottom, making it easier to read the screen (without rotating it first) when we take the nano out from our jeans pocket.  although it comes with lots of advantages, yet:  - 4 gb is the maximum capacity possible. - usb connection only. - no charger adapter, you should use the usb connection to recharge the battery. it means the computer or laptop should be around you. make sure you bring your laptop on your vacation. - only two colors available, black or white. no more pink, blue, green, etc.  accessories that you may like: - the lanyard. with this earphone, you can wear your ipod nano as necklace. no more tangle and you can change the music right away without reaching your pocket. - the silicon case. this silicon case comes in colors and will change the look of your ipod nano. it will also protect your ipod from scratches and prevents it from sliding on a tilted table or slipped out of your pocket when you're sitting.   overall this is a really great product! before deciding to buy this mp3 player, make sure you have usb 2.0 on you computer or laptop. some people had bought this nano and having usb 1 connection on their pc, making the song transfer a painful and time consuming process. it will takes hours to fill up your ipod nano with usb 1. therefore, the existance of usb 2.0 on your pc is crucial. also, if you are frequent traveller, it is a good idea to buy another accessory for recharging the battery og your ipod without connecting it to pc. otherwise, you will have to bring your laptop with you or look for pcs on your vacation to recharge your nano.  ", "i bought this player for my daughter for christmas and i was so delighted to find a player with expandable memory.  it seemed like an answered prayer as she continually outgrows the capacity of previous players.  however, from the beginning we noticed that the player ate up batteries like nothing.  even digital batteries weren't much better.  now, 4 months later and the player will not stay powered up and i'm finding more and more bad reviews with the same complaints. that expandable space is of no use to us now!  ", "apple has done it again with the new 60gb ipod video. this unit is beyond amazing because not only have they improved upon the size, color, function, and battery life of ipod, but what is great about this thing is that it plays video. the picture quality is crisp and clear, and so far, my only gripe is that the unit scratches too easily. i'm still waiting for a case that doesnt suck. also, the fact that there is no ac adaptor that comes packaged with the unit should be a crime. but despite these gripes, its still the best music player out there, and now it plays video.  ", "initially i loved this item. but as time went on the love faded, really fast. after a few months the battery life became less and less. i initially purchsed this to record my lectures, and it did a fantastic job, for a while. then after a year of having it the internal flash stopped working. this made it completely inoperable because i wasn't able to access the various functions. i called samsung customer service and they were not helpful at all. this is the last samsung item i will ever buy. i didn't want to give this thing one star, if i could i would give it negative stars for wasting my time and hard earned money.  ", 'make sure you figure the cost of the protection plan when determining whether the ipod is a good deal or not.  mine failed two weeks after the warranty expired.  my options?  send them the failed ipod and $255 + tax and they send me a used or refurbished model with a 90 day warranty.  basically they just want you to buy a new one.  had i known that up front, i would have passed or at least made sure i bought the protection plan.  i got exactly 1 year out of mine and now it would cost me more to have it serviced than to buy a new one, so it is completely worthless.  ', "i have purchased archos dvrs before and was looking forward to using the av500. it is true that it has a very nice screen, and it plays the file types that i need. however, within a few days of purchase, the battery stopped taking a charge. after some fiddling, i reluctantly returned it to archos. it came back after a few weeks, and i was very surprised to see that the content that i had on it was still there! what kind of fundamental repair was this, i wondered. in fact, the device exhibited exactly the same behavior as it had when i sent it out--literally nothing was changed. i reluctantly returned it again, and have been waiting six weeks for a fix. their customer service is abysmal and keeps changing their story (next week, christmas delay, etc.) i have now attempted to get a refund, and have been told by amazon that my period for refund has expired. i have had the device for about two days in total and it hasn't worked, period. i am attempting to get a refund from archos and this really is not acceptable for a device this costly. don't buy this.  ", "buyer beware...this is a horrible company...check the bbb of miami site and you will see how many complaints this company has filed against it. they will not give any customer service not allow you to speak to a supervisor and most certainly tell you that even if your product is defective thet cannot refund. had to write to the bbb myself to get a refund on a laptop that had not worked from day 1 or after sending to the repair center 5 times, also they replaced laptop with a new system that did not work out of the box either. they finally agreed to refund my money after several letters to bbb they received product back over 2 weeks ago and still haven't receive my money back. deal with this shady company at your own risk.  ", 'this isn\'t going to be long and boring because everything good/bad has been said so far. good - size, flash memory, photo ability, etc..  bad - i got black and it scratches very easily! i only had it 2 days and from carrying it in my pocket, the front looks very scratched like i had it a few years already.  also, don\'t know why they put the headphone jack on the bottom ... and so far there\'s no belt clip for this.  only a lanyard headphone or an armband.  i need a belt clip for the gym.  anyway, the sound ...  i only listen to my players cranked!  every mp3 player i\'ve ever bought, including my previous 3 ipods, i listen to at full volume.  so, just to test, i got my 6 gb ipod mini and put it side by side with my new nano.  i started "walk" by pantera simultaneously on both players and took my best pair of headphones going back and forth from one player to the other.  well, the new nano blew away my 6 gb ipod!  noticeably louder, deeper bass, and my favorite, much sharper and higher treble!  i hate to admit it, but it makes my 6 gb mini sound like crap. (hello ebay!) i can\'t comment on the battery life yet at that volume, but i\'m sure it will be much shorter than the 14 hours they say.  but if you buy this player for no other reason ... buy it for the sound!  ', "i have owned an ipod for a little over a month now and still have not gotten it to synch with my pc.  i put my faith in the apple myth that everything always works.  the amount of time and money i've put into trying to get it to work i could have put my money elsewhere.  bottom line: unless you have the time and money to try and make your ipod work, go elsewhere!!!!  ", 'this product is not worth your money. i bought one, it worked fine for the day. the next day, it shuts off at me after 5 hours of use! the battery is suppoised to be 10 hours. so i returned the product and exchanged it for a knew one. it only went for 2 1/2 gours this time!!!!!!! all in all, this is a great player if your only gonna listen like, 1/2 hour a day.  ', 'don\'t even bother!    it keeps freezing up, turning off, and won\'t sync with any of my mp3s.  samsung was very unhelpful and said that it was "a windows/microsoft problem" when i reported when the device was starting to sync, then caused windows media player to shut down (on 2 seperate systems!) entirely and then the usb cord is faulty, saying that it is unplugged when it is not.    instructions were incomplete and shoddy.    try a zen player or a rio.  those at least work right out of the box, plug in the usb, and you\'re off.    ', "locked up and overheated. the apple store had great difficulty trying to reset my ipod - after many tries - it finally reset. they charged me a 10% restocking fee to return it- since they were able to reset the ipod. i could tell it was defective. i have always stayed away from apple as a pc owner. they have always abused their customers dating back to the earliest macs with the motherboard scandals. if one owns a apple computer - they 'got you' like in th old days of the pc. it is like owning an exotic car - it just has to look good - whether or not it works is not really important. it is the style that matters!  ", "this was the cutest mp3 i found when i was looking around, and also the cheapest, and when i first got it, i was really really happy. however, when i started getting new songs to add, the software screwed me over and deleted all my songs. i had to start from scratch again. sometimes, it freezes on me, and also, the controls that light up break a lot. also, the mp3 gets scratched very very easily, and even in a case, it looks like i beat it every night. maybe i am just not careful enough, but one day, it was near the bottom of my backpack. when i took it out, the screen was cracked in three places, and though i can still use it, i can not read the song name, artist, time, battery life or anything. i am really busy; i don't have time to battle with my mp3 everyday. over all, the sound quality and design is really good, as well as the over all song capacity and price, but the way it gets scratched so easily and has so many irritating small problems ruined it for me. only buy this if you are ready to take care of it extremely well, learn the software and read the manual from front to back.  ", 'i recently purchase one of these samsung digital audio players for use on frequent airplane trips.  it has both strong and weak points, the greatest strength being excellent sound, the weakest being the questionable relationship with napster.  i would concur the those reviewers which made the following observations:  - usb adapter connexion to the cord is a bit tricky, make certain the cord end has been pushed in firmly. - napster software is quite annoying, and there is no need if you have wmp 10, just synchronize "all music" and you are done. - napster software requires a continuous internet connexion while in use, which i view as a distasteful personal intrusion. - playlists are quite a disappointment given none of the wmp playlists may be transferred, thereby leaving only the "mobile playlist" as the sole list. - the sound is superb when used in conjunction with reasonable headphones (i happen to be fortunate enough to have bose anr units)  having researched any number of digital audio players, i would say the samsung yh-925gs is an excellent one and does not require a phd to use (once you figure out to avoid napster and go directly to windows media player).  it does have its bothersome quirks, but don\'t they all.   ', 'i\'ve rocked out an <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0007y7976/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/105-6009578-2898043">apple 2 gb ipod nano white</a> for a while and loved the mobility and such but figured since i\'m heading off to an out of state college next year i\'m gonna want more then 2gb storage space...which brought me to this ipod video. the upgrade in space is amazing and you dont lose too much of the great mobility the nano affords you. costs a bit more then then nano but if you search out for one you can find one at a decent price. i got mine for $120 through an amazon registered seller and it\'s been perfect.  i highly reccomend for college kids since you and your room mate may differ on what to watch and you might have some down time between classes but not enough to go back to the dorm or lug out and get all set up with a laptop.  also highly reccomend for somebody whose nano just doesnt hold enough.  ', "i have been using archos products for several years. but this product upgrade turned out to be a big headache. the customer service and the website to purchase plugin are horrible. once the product arrived, i went to their website to purchase the web browser plugin. after adding the item into the cart, the currency symbol changed from usd $ to something else which i didn't recognize. i went ahead to place the order and later on found i was charged in euro (equal to $43 instead of $30) instead. i contacted the customer service, and they insistd i selected the wrong country, which i am sure is not the case. i have tried again and again on my computer and the same thing happens everytime. however, archos customer service still insisted it was me who made the mistake and finally ignored my emails. i am a software developer and the only thing i can think of is that their website defaults to euro if the cookie from a cusotmer's computer can not be retrieved. when i decided to stop since no response from archos any more, the web browser plugin keeps freezing when surfing to certain websites. i don't bother to contact them any more. i am sending it back to amazon and will lose $43 to pay for a lesson: do not buy archos.  ", 'i wanted an mp3 player for working out and running. i am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one. what i read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome: countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems. so i picked up a memorex biomorph (i liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months. (i "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn\'t help.) i went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost. and i set out to read all the reviews i could before buying another mp3 player. i read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the creative muvo series.   my requirements: driverless flash drive [i use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and i want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends\' computers, mac or pc, and share files/music], arm band for working out, fm radio, small and light [so a aaa battery model, not aa], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable). microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   the muvo series fit the bill. i wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it\'s mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music. i came close to buying the muvo slim, because i loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by usb, and i think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so i went for the muvo n200 ("micro").   so far the unit has really impressed me. the memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge. the muvo micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material. it has a well-sewn extra place to secure the muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch. the memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the biomorph, while the muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the muvo slips into. it\'s pretty cool: clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce). in addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible: i.e. it\'s not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons). the buttons are well laid out, too. even after four months, i always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the memorex. the muvo makes more sense. for example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen. the volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins: so it\'s easy to make second nature. the play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don\'t accidentally hit that. overall, a very good layout.   the lcd screen is small, but it\'s sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc. as others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn\'t bother me.   the menus make a lot of sense. one very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down. this way you can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it. it\'s those little things that i was happy creative thought of.   another thing: i was quite surprised that the memorex didn\'t get very loud. i usually had the volume on maximum. the muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so i can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.   the earbuds which came with the memorex were painful and were garbage, but the creative earbuds are actually pretty good. i did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so i\'ll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which i prefer. but i was still pleased with the quality of the creative earbuds: e.g. they don\'t hurt.   the usb 2.0 cable that comes with the muvo is a small-standard usb cable, which means that it\'s the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices. this means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means i can just share the cable i use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.   i haven\'t tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable. i also plan on trying some rechargeable batteries.  when i do, i\'ll revise the review.   one final recommendation: i do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out. i saw a picture of a sandisk i was considering, and it looked small, but when i saw it in person, it was huge compared to the micro.   ', 'i had a rio, this is soooo much better, much easier to use and sounds great. i highly recommend it.  ', 'despite the praise given to the iriver, a prime reason to buy this device, is to show it to other designers as to what not to do when designing.  before describing why it is bad, here is a quick run down of what it offers. it has lots of features. beyond playing mp3 and wav files, it has an fm tuner, recording device, picture viewer, file storage, lines in, lines out, and even a carrying case.   it can also  be found for a comparitively reasonable price.  so why is it annoying to use. well first, the buttons are small and close together. when the volume was to high once i went to lower it but manged to hit the nav button. i then was in navigation hell and couldn&#8217;t get out resulting in my ears being blasted into deafness. as for the nav button, its not even the only nav button. in fact sometimes, you have to hit the left arrow button or even worse, the record button. of course, if you do not hold the record button long enough to get to the correct nav screen, that&#8217;s right you start recording when you don&#8217;t want  to.  when listening to the radio, it is not even easy to change between preset and non-preset channels. therefore you may not get to the channel you want.  of course, one might just buy it for listening to music. frankly, when buying a digital music device i want an interface that&#8217;s a little bit more than a standard file tree. it has metadata such as artists and albums, it should not be hard to get to them and have all their songs play. with the iriver your stuck to navigate through sometimes lengthy file trees.  in a nutshell, if you need lots of features, this may work for you. you will, however, have to deal with an incredibly user unfriendly device.  ', 'battery life is great , and the sd card extention is nice you can add a 2gb card no problem.  ', "we just got ours so don't know about longevity but it is very cute and much smaller than an ipod.  i bought it for my daughter to take on a school trip to europe and wanted a player that was inexpensive and used batteries.  this one came with an armband but not a neckband.  we had some problems getting our pc (windows xp) to recognize the device.  it seemed to need windows media 10 to work and we also had to load the enclosed software.  now it works fine.  it seems to easily convert songs from cds that we had stored originally on itunes with no problems.  my daughter loves it.  now i am getting one for her sister and myself.  the 1gb is now the price we paid for the 512 mb so we are getting those.  ", "the creative nano sucks. 4 hrs and 2 calls to tech suppoert and the unit still will not be recognized by my computer. one of the tech support help points was to use one of the usb ports on the back of the computer rather than the front (not in the instructions). they say that the ports on the back of computers are more capable that those on the front (?). i asked them why they would design a device - with a 6 inch cable - that required you to crawl under your desk to plug it in each time, when there is a perfectly good port (that works for every other plug-in device i have) on the front? all i got was a sheepish, 'yeah, i know' from the techie. still did not work on the rear port. then they wanted me to go in and do some monkey work with the computer's register. forget it. it goes back. it's like buying a radio for your car and then being told you need to work on the transmission to get the radio to turn on. what a piece of crap.  amazon should have an option to rate '0 stars'.  ", 'in october 2006 my iriver h10 died a couple of days before my warranty expired.  i contacted iriver about it and did not get any technical support whatsoever.  you don\'t get a person when you call and the ebox wasn\'t helpful either.  finally, after 2 months of being given the runaround, they said that they\'d replace my h10.  i mailed it back to them in december 2006.  i then received an email stating that i should allow up to 3 weeks for my replacement to be shipped.  it is going on nine weeks and i still have no player. in my ebox i received a message saying that they were sorry for the delay in my response, but that my case had been assigned to someone who is no longer with the company and was overlooked.  i was then instructed to call or email them and they would "look into the matter".  this company\'s customer service department is terrible.  i had liked my player alright before it died, but trying to get the matter resolved has definitely been the biggest hassle i\'ve ever had in dealing with a company like this.    do not waste your money on any iriver product!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ', 'this is my first mp3 so i am new to the game.it sounds grate after you mess with the eq.the headphones they give you suck but after geting my sony ear buds(walfart$10)i realy like the thing.it was a little tricky at first to figer out how to down load my music.the player uses a drag and drop process.it may be me or windows but it would not sinck my playlist from windows sinck list.every time i tried it would put songs from the same album in thier own folder.it only holds 30 folders.so if you have just a few songs from each album and more than 30 songs you have a problem.but once i figerd out what was going on it was all good.thier software works good becuase it keeps all the songs as singls and you can make play lists with it.and with a simple click,drage,drop you have your music.i gave it a 4 becuase of the lack of instructions in the manaul.it just tells you how to turn the darn thing on and scroll thru folders.i do wish it was a 2gb player.but for my first mp3 it will do until i get the 30gb m-vision.   ', "my lifedrive died after a year and will not reset.  i've tried the soft reset, hard reset and hard reset with the lifedrive charging in its cradle.  palm support is non-existent.  they gave a lame suggestion (the hard reset in the cradle) when i first contacted them and now they have not responded to my follow up message.  in addition the form on their website to request support has stopped working.  i have to say the address book was really handy and it was useful to be able to read e-books on the pda.  however, i can't possibly recommend getting a lifedrive because of the poor support and the danger of losing important data which cannot readily be transferred to a non-palm pda even if you have been doing regular synchronizations with a desktop computer.  ", "avoid buying this mp3 player. this is surely without a doubt the dumbest 160$ i have ever spent. i tried to actually enjoy this, i really did but to no avail. the volume and sound quality isn't all that great to begin with. also, the phillips go gear constantly froze up on me, sometimes for days and the only solution was to let the battery die and then recharge it. but still, i tried to remain positive and just bear with it. but then one day, after a few months, my mp3 player just died for no apparent reason. it hasn't worked ever since.  it's been a few months since it stopped working. sad to say that i basically threw 160 hard-earned dollars away.   ", 'i just got my zen v for christmas and absolutely love it!  i got it mostly to download and listen to eaudiobooks and it works great.  you can download books from netlibrary and [...]  unlike listening to audiobooks on cd, you can set bookmarks anywhere you want to leave off.  you can also fast forward and reverse whithout going all the way back to the previous bookmark.  i find the buttons easy to navigate. i also received the zen aurvana headphones--they really do enhance the sound quality and block out ambient noise.  ', "the zen micro is near perfect.    i bought my zen micro last december as a christmas gift to myself, save for a few software issues, i couldn't be happier with my purhcase.    i've owned this player for nine months now and it's been on 5 cross country trips, one trans-atlantic honeymoon, and numerous roadtrips.  it's been in my pocket, in my car, and in my bag in 20 inches of snow and 100 degree summers.  it's been dropped, shuffled, kicked, and lumbered.  it's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   i've never owned an ipod, so this won't be a which one is better review.    all of my files are mp3 or wma, windows media player is my primary music suite, i use it to burn, play, rip, and sync.  so starting out i knew i wanted a windows friendly player.  the zen micro (mine's black) has a lot going for it.    it fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth ui, and a feature that most unipods lack... charm.  when it's being used or charged it emits a low pulsating blue light.    it's doesn't have a scroll wheel, but it has a strip!  most people complain about the sensitivity, but it can easily be adjusted for personal preference.    my only complaint is that when i first received it, it was a little buggy.  it wouldn't always work seemlessly with wmp and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it.  over and over again.  but after a few firmware releases it's working without a hitch.  i've programed wmp to throw a few favorites on there all the time and always put my new music (less than 3 months) on so i can listen to them in the gym.   the accesories that come with the player are great.  white earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag.  also all the required cables and what not.  to me, currently at $218, this player is a best in class.  it gives you the most bang for your buck, period.    creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.    pick your favorite color and buy it.   ", "the zen micro looks great to me, better than the ipod mini and equal to the rio carbon.  pros: +5 gb seagate drive +great sound quality (all of creative's players) +synchs with outlook +looks cool +removable battery  cons: -requires software to transfer music -no tactile buttons, all touch sensitive.   and to the fool zip, iriver was out before the ipod, so your point is moot.  ", "i have owned my creative zen v for less than four months and the display stopped working. when i checked out creative's website, there were a slough of customer comments indicating that they had the same problem and decided to either throw the player away or wait months for repair. two additional problems: creative zen v's only carry a 3 month warranty on labor. the 12 month is for the parts only and does not cover the labor involved in repairing/replacing/shipping the item. creative customer support does not exist (for the most part). you are able to use telephone support for a very short while without cost. after that, the only means of communicating with creative is via e-mail. moreover, if you lose the original book that came with the player, you can no longer access the customer service telephone number (check their website and try to find a number to call).  buyers beware.  ", 'purchased sony\'s new ms-11 but returned it the same day (and purchased samsung yp700).  despite it\'s steep price...it is indeed great looking, functional but has one large flaw -- sony\'s music management system is too restrictive (explained below).<p>before i purchased the ms-11, its product specs read \'plays back in atrac and supports mp3\'.  this means that if you have mp3 songs that you have converted or downloaded free from the internet onto your computer, you cannot merely \'copy\' them onto the sony magicgate memory stick ("ms"), but rather must convert the mp3 song file into sony\'s atrac format.  once converted, sony\'s music management system tracks how many instances of a song has been \'checked\' out of your computer (that you connect the mp3 player to) and limits the number of times you can \'checkout\' a song.  also, sony recommends that \'checked out\' songs are then \'checked back in\' (as opposed to merely deleting the song from ms if you no longer want it) -- what a hassle! <p>bottom line is that sony (as a music company) wants to (over) protect music intellectual property which means a hindrance to users.  <p>i would recommend other brands, such as samsung yp700 (which is 128mb built-in and you can add 128mb memory chip), as opposed to sony ms-11 which has no built-in memory but does come with 128mb ms.  the samsung looks great, works great (blue lcd lighting with remote control) and is cheaper at [lower price] -- and importantly, you can simply copy/delete downloaded mp3 files onto the player without dealing with a \'check-in/check-out\' music filing system.  ', 'when you factor in the price, it\'s the best deal on any mp3, movie, text, game, karoke player around!  it\'s extremely easy to use. you really don\'t need the software, unless you want to use the movie player function. you use windows to drag and drop, text, music, game, and video files. that\'s it, easy as pie.  the audio is amazing! better than a rio mp3 player i use to have. and the volume is loud too! so you can crank it up in noisey places.  you can add games to it but you have to hunt them down online. kinda frustrating but the game feature is "icing on the cake."  karoke function is pretty cool, but not my favorite function. when a song is played you and play the lyrics with it. they light up as it\'s played. you have to use the software included to "mark" the file with lyrics. it\'s easy, just: drag, drop, click icon and you\'re done. easy deezie. the file is playable in any other player too, it\'s not messed up in any way.  the video player is awesome! you can put whole movie theatre movies or tv show episodes on it. i nolonger use my porable dvd player! it\'s bright, colorful and sharp.  the player itself is small and light weight. about the size of a closed flip phone but not as wide. i put it in the small 3rd front right pocket on my jeans that i use to put my gum in.  one small negative detail. although not a problem for me, for those that put their entire collection of movies and music may get upset. you cannot add memory to this player. what you buy is what you get. i\'d recommend getting 1 gig or the 2 gig model. the battery is built in so if it dies you can\'t simply replace it with a new set you can get anywhere. i guess you have to goto samsung for that. but as i see it, you don\'t have to worry about getting any memory cards or batteries at all. no fuss, no muss. just recharge every two weeks or so and you\'ll be fine.  you get all this for less than 140 bucks! it beats ipod and iriver that go for 200+ dollars! it\'s awesome, get one! get one now!  ', "i couldn't decide if i wanted the nano or to bite the bullet, and get the new ipod video ($400 is pretty spendy).  well, hubby surprised me with the 60 gig ipod video.  everything about the ipod is beautiful, right down to that packaging.  the video quality is unreal.  the sound quality is bright, crisp, and i can hear things in songs that i've never heard before.  i highly recommend a case for the ipod, to protect from scratching (i chose a pretty pink leather one).  i've been using the itunes software for about a year for downloading music, so i'm pretty familiar with it, but a first time itunes/ipod user should have no problems using this.  i plan on investing in a docking station for work and an adapter for my car very soon.  this item is a must for any music lover.    ", "bought this because i wanted a good bit of space for as little money as i could manage.. and with that in mind, it's not bad. the controls are not at all intuitive, unfortunately (and the manual is no help with anything), but i eventually sorted out all its quirks. files can be sorted into folders, which is very nice. the main drawback i've found with this is that you can not put more songs on it without completely wiping off everything else first. you can delete just fine within the player's interface, but you cannot delete tracks from (in the case of windows) the my computer window. and it tells you everything is write-protected if you try to add something more on without having deleted everything first. given that i only swap things out once a week or so, this is a managable flaw, but still a needless one. apart from that, battery life is decent, and so far mine's put up with rain and pretty large temperature variations, as well as being dropped a good bit. sound quality's not fantastic (most of the equalizer settings sound atrocious), but it's not to the point of being irritating.  again, for the price and the amount of space, it's decent enough. works just fine, once you sort out the controls. the size is also very convenient, it's perfect for just casually dragging it around with you everywhere in a pocket or what have you. (and much less to worry about than an ipod!)  ", 'pros: good sound  easy downloading from cd charge in car with razr(cell phone)plug  cons: no on/off indicator-no warning that battery is dying difficult to see readouts armband is uncomfortable and must be removed to change settings  i placed mine in the garbage yesterday and felt a wave of relief immediately.   ', "great item.  it's and ipod what else need you say?  my wife loves it.  ", 'i got this for my son for christmas and he loves it. he has had more fun with this mp3 player than any of his gifts.  ', 'its tiny. its full of functionality. its easy to navigate after owning it for 3 days now. with earphones it is plenty loud. with an fm transmitter i have it turned up all the way. been using it 1.5 hours a day for the last 3 days now & works great so far. folder navigation is great. playing options for shuffle, repeat, ... are perfect. line in recording is to mp3 & works perfect. mic recording works good too. i always keep it in the case & all the buttons & plugs & such are all available for use in the case. i love it, i love it, i love it, i do.  ', "i bought this unit mainly because of it's size. when i got it home i found that i have to use sony's software to use the portable unit, which converts it to ther format (not mp3 like the box states) but it would not &quot;optimize&quot; my mp3's therefore i couldn't use it as i wished. oh i could play my mp3s on their jukebox, but that's not the reason i bought it, i bought it so i could take my mp3s with me. i went to their website to get help on importing and the instructions i read talked about functions that my software didn't even have. upon calling them on the phone (which was surprisingly quick and efficient) i found that i could basically only use mp3s i downloaded from emd (electronic music distribution) which i have a good idea is affiliated with sony. i really don't care for super-corporations telling me which music i can and can't listen to especially when i give them 300 of my dollars. now i have to go back and battle with the store to get my money back. they should clearly state on the box &quot;will only play mp3s that we say you can play&quot;  ", "it's probably been about 2 years since a review was writting for this ipod, but hey; i'm bored, and it's 3:35 am. anyway, i originally bought this thing a couple of years ago. it's still functioning properly and i've never had that many problems with it, and you can't imagine how many times this thing's been beaten around! the battery life has been pretty exceptional, though i can tell it has been getting a lot worse for the couple of years i've had it. i really thought i would have to replace the battery, but that was unnecessery.   to this day, i have been using this ipod with no problems (other than some click wheel problems, but that was easily fixed), and if you don't want to spend so much on the newer ones, this one's for you. i honestly can't compare this nano with the other two generations, but all i know is that this one is durable, reliable, and easy to use. i may be getting the latest generation of the nano by tomorrow (dec. 17, 2007. the new nano with video capabilites) and i'll see if i can do a quick comparison between the two when i get it. i'll post the comparison on the nano: black product.  ", "this only uses 119 mb out of the 128 mb to store files. that is the only set back that this device has. it has great sound, neat quality, easy menues and loading files into it is as easy as drag and drop. if you're listening to a song and change to another one, it'll fade the sound out, pretty cool! a single aaa battery will give you plenty of time to listen to your music plus, it can also be used to carry any kind of files. pretty useful! i recommend this 100%  ", "i bought this today and i am returning it tomorrow.  it claims to be an mp3 player, but you can not load mp3's onto it.  you must put sonicstage on your pc, transfer all of your mp3's to that program, and then convert all of those files to atrac (?) format on the player.  this thing is horrible.  ", 'this gets 2 stars because i really liked the hardware. problem is, the software is from napster and the hardware is from samsung and even though they say they are in "partnership" the software doesn\'t work with the hardware at all.  simple things like ripping a cd to the samsung is a nightmare. the software acts like it\'s pulling cd data from cddb, but it\'s not. you either get a garbled mess, or nothing. even though the manual says that you can build a play list on your computer and then drag and drop it to the samsung, you can\'t. in order to do practically anything, you have to sign in to napster first.  and, of course, when you call for technical support, napster blames samsung and samsung blames napster. both are pretty clueless.  just get a standard mp3 player and forget about this napster/samsung stuff.  ', "as my third mp3 player, i chose carefully, looking for excellent features on my runs. unfortunately, i chose poorly. the clip broke quickly, making the poor-fitting case a moot point. rio will not replace the case or the clip and you cannot buy a replacement. the capacity is excellent with the option of adding more memory a real plus. battery life was reasonable. sadly, the played completely stopped working after a few months. in a world where many companies have difficult customer relations, rio stands out from the crowd in being particularly unhelpful. though this player had promise, there are better choices. (i will be looking at a different company's players this time.)  ", "i bought this player about a month ago and i have to say it has had quite an effect on how i view entertainment.  for one thing, the mobile video has a lot more uses than you might think as you find times when you are waiting and have it on your person, you can easily watch a movie and not notice the time pass like you normally might.  the screen is definitely viewable even though it is pretty small.  people say that this player plays divx but they are being a bit misleading.  this player plays, without re-encoding a very specific formatted version of avi, which is xvid encoded mpeg4 with mp3 audio.  it does not produce ac3 surround sound output, even downmixed.  if you download a lot of movies, you may find this important to know.  however, a lot of material is pre-existing in this format.  by far the best feature of this player is the ability to use it for tv-out and the ability to make playlists on the fly.  the tv-out makes it possible to show all your friends the cool movies you have without changing formats or burning disks, etc.  another great thing about it is the usb host port, which most people don't realize not only can host a usb hard drive, but i recently discovered is a powered port (maybe this is part of the usb2.0 spec i don't know) and the power allows you to power up a set of usb speakers.  i discovered this on my own as i plugged in a set a speakers i didn't need that i got with a computer i bought recently and the speakers powered right off of the player itself.  which makes this player a great unit in a portable boombox type configuration.  with the ability to make playlists on the fly, you can completely dj a party using this unit and a set of decent usb speakers.  if you are over someone's house you could technically carry all of this around with you in your car, and in a boring moment you'd have at least a little bit of entertainment.  personally, i use this for playing music to go to sleep to at night since it fits quite nicely on my nightstand.    however, this unit does everything it's supposed to do and even a bit more with some experimenting.  the usb 2.0 host was a fantastic idea and i'm glad that they implemented it.  technically, you could probably use just about any low-power usb device as an attachment to this unit.  so all of those usb flashlights, etc. would probably work using this unit as a battery, while you are listening to music.  amazing sub-feature...  there are a couple drawbacks.  i found that the player was not very good for use in the car because you simply can't operate the interface effectively and quickly with one hand, so i use my other mp3 player in the car.  it is though, perfect in just about any other situation.  highly recommended and worth the dollar amount.  ", 'do not buy the ipod classic!! while this ipod offers the basic benefits of the ipod family, apple has made one, microsoft-worthy, change.  the only component cables that will work (especially the video/av/component cables) are the $50 (or more) apple brand cables.  they have inserted an "authentication chip" requirement into the firmware.    if you notice, the 5th and 5.5 generation ipods (not the newest 6th gen. classic) are more expensive for a reason: they\'re less restrictive.   after-market cables (such as belkin/griffin/etc) will not allow video output from the classic to tvs.   if apple introduces a firmware change to allow all video cables to be used, then you should consider this one...otherwise, stay with the 5th/5.5 generation units.   ', "first, all those people that say it takes for ever to scroll through the music are just wrong.  i have nearly 10k songs on the device and it scrolls through the music faster than an ipod, which i also own. it is better functionally than the ipod, although it lacks in add-ons (except for the remote which is far better than anything by apple). now the downside.  sonicstage is just awful.  it is glitchy, the major one being that for no reason it can stop working and nobody at sony can figure out how to fix it.  the program is very cumbersome, you can configure your music, but it is a royal pain.  although i am not a big fan of i-tunes, it is far superior to sonicstage.  i would buy it over an ipod for the device is better, but be very leary of the sony software, it sucks. i think the industry is missing the boat on forcing you to use there interfaces rather than a third party's (i.e. microsoft's).  ", 'i selected the 60 gb ipod photo mainly because i listen to a lot of [...]books. also, the idea of loading all of my digital photos on a portable device was appealing. the audio books that i had previously downloaded for my audible otis player worked fine when loaded onto the ipod using itunes for windows. i also love the access to podcasts from itunes. viewing pictures on the ipod screen is not too impressive, but when viewed on my 56" tv they are very bright and sharp. playing music with the slide show is a nice feature. i found that it is necessary to use photoshop album to organize the pictures before downloading on to the ipod. copying files directly from folders did not work very well since they are all deleted and reloaded any time you make a change. with album, only the changes are downloaded. the camera adaptor from apple worked fine with my panasonic fz10 camera usb cable. the photos are stored in a file on the ipod disk for copying to your computer. the photos from the camera can be viewed on the ipod screen, but they cannot be displayed on a tv until they are imported from the pc using itunes. i currently have about 938 songs and 4663 pictures on the ipod using about 8 gb of storage. the only problem i encountered during the initial setup was the requirement to update the system to the windows format. it was necessary to reboot my computer after this to get itunes to recognize the ipod. also, i have noticed that the ipod has reset itself a few times and one time i had to force a reset after it stopped responding. the rewind button does not seem work reliably with the audible books and it often loses the bookmark when i return to continue listening. overall, i am very happy with the ipod photo.  ', 'i bot this player about a year ago and guess what its already making buzzing sounds i e-mailed their customer service , and they tell me to get new headphones. i got new headphones  it still buzzing. the radio feature never worked right.  ', 'i have had mine for about 3 mobths.  it does exactly what i want it to do. i wanted it to play music in the car as i have a daily commute to work.  i have a tape player in my car, so i bought a tape deck converter and play the music from the sony network walkman through the stero system of my car.  the network walkman is very easy to use and the battery life is long.  just remember to turn it off!  in my case when i turn off the car, the player is still playing and i have to manually turn it off or it runs down the battery.  the only thing that disappoints me about it, is now they have come out with the cutest pink/gray version.  very girly and fun!  ', 'if you are a mac user be careful how you burn mp3 cd\'s otherwise the samsung mcdhf920th mp3/wma/music cd playback will surprise you with no disc! make sure your music "has been converted to mp3 an the extension .mp3 is at the end of each song on the playlist to be burned. other than that, i do like the unit, don\'t really care about wma (because iam a mac guy) sorry!. i like the 3 way of powering this unit. regular aa or rechargeables, (outside the cd player., nice), proprietary rechargeable,small and thin,very nice. it\'s own ac charger or without any batteries, acts as a main power unit, that i really like.also the remote control is handy. in the future i would prefer a unit with only cd,rw,r, and straight mp3. the fm tuner works very well. another plus is the thinness of this unit.  ', "this is a nice player, but this one and a black zen v plus 2gb black/green both have a dead screen after three months. i would send them for replacement but when i contact creative about the warranty i got this......   rma fees & details      * according to the data you provided, your creative product is beyond the standard labor warranty but within the 12 month hardware (parts) warranty.     * the diagnostic and handling fee for products returned outside the labor warranty is us$25.00. to continue the on-line rma process, you will need to pay the $25.00 fee using your credit or debit card through our secure shopping cart during this on-line process.    so i have to pay one third of the product price to get it replaced through factory warranty, i don't think so.  ", "while a little expensive, we have been able to load it up with are kids favorite dvd's, and tv shows (and a few of our own) to make travel much more enjoyable.  it is very easy to use.  ", 'the first thing i noticed when searching for mp3 players online was how sexy this little machine looked. the red on black screen is absolutely gorgeous and, in my opinion, looks better than all the other mp3 players on the market, hands down. most other reviews on this site will agree.  the next thing i noticed was how affordable this mp3 player is. at the time i had also been considering purchasing an ipod mini (though those soon became obsolete) which had the same amount of space but cost nearly $100 more. i brooded over my purchase for quite some time before i stumbled across an m:robe in the local radioshack and decided to take the plunge.  my m:robe was every bit as sexy as it was in pictures, if not moreso. additionally, it felt like a sturdy piece of machinery, rather than the cheap plastic-y feel of some electronics these days.  however, i quickly came to realize that the bundled software for this mp3 player, olympus m:trip, is more than a hassle and for that reason alone i would not recommend this brand to anyone else. now, if they were to revamp their software, i would be a very strong advocate of this product.  the software was bulky and i didn\'t immediately understand it. several things really bothered me: there were icons with no explanation, the search feature is bloated and you cannot "tab" through the program meaning you must use your mouse. also, while the software tries to look sleek, it falls slightly short and looks cheap instead.  originally i added my entire playlist, only to wind up with errors because it was too large and between the player and the software, it didn\'t know where to cut off. unfortunately, trying to solve those errors only because worse and i wound up with an empty library in the software but all my songs were still on the hard drive and had to be manually deleted through "my computer." furthermore, this was a solution i stumbled upon myself as even technical support was of absolutely no help (but when is it ever?)  on the plus side, the software does allow you to add lyrics to your songs and set up many playlists as well as adding your songs to their predefined playlists (such as "favourites") but you are not able to edit playlists from the player itself.  there are also your typical browsing features on the player itself: by artist, album, genre, year, etc; and you can browse through your music in several ways: recently listed, top 20 9the player generates this by analyzing the songs you listen to most) favourites (the playlist set up through the software), your personalized playlists, unplayed tracks etc.  of course you can also choose to listen to your music randomly, though i find it to be less random than one would think based on the name, on repeat or in several different music style modes. all in all the player options are everything i want and nothing i don\'t.  aside from the software, which one can get around though i haven\'t tried it myself, there are a few issues i have with the player itself. for starters, the touch screen looks nice but quickly smudges and scratches so that the player loses some of it\'s attaction quite quickly. furthermore, i find that sensitivity of the touch screen varies largely. some days i need to really push to make the buttons response while others i can accidentally brush over a button and it responds. lastly, and this might just be a personal issue, but i tend to use my mp3 player outside and in the winter it becomes quite cold here and i cannot operate the touch screen using gloves.  one thing about the player that is impressive is the sound quality and i find the sound goes up loud enough for me, though others might argue. i do wish the lower sound setting were quieter though as it\'s still too loud to listen to the player and hold a conversation at the same time.   i also find that the switchover time between songs can sometimes take a little longer than i\'d like but it\'s nothing i can\'t live with. lastly, i am quite annoyed when i switch to playlist view and sometimes it shows my playlist from the beginning and other times it shows the playlist right around the song which is currently playing. i cannot, for the life of me, figure out what controls this and can never get the playlist position i want.  last, i\'ve encountered an interesting glitch with my player, once shortly after i bought it and once over a year later. the music will stop, the touch screen will stop responding though the screen will still be on, the player becomes unchargeable (and when i tried to do that as a way to "get it back" the player itself heated up alarmingly) and it only half-responds to the power button. both times, eventually the screen turned off and i let the mp3 player sit (the first time for several days, the second for several hours) and it eventually worked again with my files and playlists in tact but the battery was drained.  this is quite disturbing and i cannot say why it would do that, i guess as long as it works again, i\'m happy.  speaking of the battery, i find that it takes quite a while for the first 2 bars to be drained but once you\'re down to 1 bar, the player will die quickly. you can charge via the dock, plug it into a wall, or via usb connected to a computer. i find the best charging results from each of these activities respectively. charging by usb can register a fully charged battery but will quickly drain of power.  overall this is a sleek player which generally handles well and has everything i want and nothing i don\'t, including a unique name, but it is held back by it\'s poor software and some glitches (which ranges in severity).  i would definitely buy another olympus mp3 player (had they gone the route of mp3 player only, rather than the combined camera/mp3 player of the m:robe 500) but i would be more cautious about it.    ', "bought the player about a month ago, and am satisfied so far.   some of my main points are: - works fine with wmp10. you do not have to use napster to use this player, although the documentation that comes with it makes it appear that you do. i have had no issues, other than playlists, using media player to manage my music. - only music db issue are tags with my music. it will display track name, artist and album fine, but for some reason, genre is a mess. no matter what i try, i can't get a clean genre list. - sounds is fantastic, buttons well laid out, and have a clean slick look to it. - searching through your music is easy, and shuffle seems fine so far. my only complaint there is that is will not remember what has already been played if you shut the player off and come back later, but that is a fairly minor complaint. - it is sturdy. have already dropped it six feet onto concrete, and other than a nasty ding on a corner, it functions perfectly. - interfaces flawlessly with my nikon d70, but you can only download one picture at a time - which sucks if i need to empty my 1gig card, but nobody else does it better from what i have read. - battery life is definitely not the advertised 10 hours. i would guess more like 6.  my bottom line: needing windows xp, the lack of drag and drop and the mess with id tags are the reasons i give it a 4 instead of 5. but, for $100 less than a comparable mp3 player, i can live with that.  ", 'i was given the iriver h10 as a gift.  upon opening the box, two inserts read,"stop, before returning this product........."  that should have been my first clue that something was wrong.  the second insert recommended that i contact iriver via e-mail if i had a problem.  i did contact them, over a week ago, still no response!  the product is terrible!  it copied my whole my documents file.  i tried to delete it, it wouldn\'t allow me to do so.  now, when i return the product for a full refund, i have to make sure the salesperson can delete my files in the h10.  also, every time i tried to download files, it froze my computer!  absolutely the worst!  don\'t buy it.  ', "i bought my ipod photo 60gb last week and it gave me a lot of problems from the start.   i charged the battery for over 5 hrs until fully charged and 5 mins later the ipod was telling me to charge again saying the battery was empty.  i got a new replacement within 3 days and charge the battery to full.  the next day i was listening to my ipod for almost 2hrs & 15 mins and the battery icon was down to red meaning the battery was almost empty.  this didn't make me happy at all when the ipod was suppose to last anywhere from 12-15 hrs.  i will return the 2nd ipod i got from amazon.  too bad....i really wanted to keep it, but with the battery trouble....i'm returning it.    ", "i love the way it look .plus it is easy to manipulate.as an anti-compute person,i was amazed as how easy to use ths device to download songs online..great sound even when hooked up in my car.battery lasts for long. somesongs don't play after a while though,still trying to figure that out.plus i only buy electronic products mad by samsung, philips,sharp.....i am loving it  ", 'i am a professional photographer and have relied on the p-2000 and a redundant dell notebook for photo storage in the field.  the p-2000 corrupted about 10% of files downloaded from several cf cards (lexar professional 133x media).  the corruption is transparent until the files are unloaded to a desktop.  the original files on the cf card remained intact and error free.  on a recent wildlife shoot in east africa i returned to discover that more than 300 of 3000 plus frames were not retrievable.  what makes matters worse for the p-2000 is that it cannot be repaired in the field.  one cannot restore its operating software from an external source and the cost of doing so is prohibitively more than the instrument is worth.  i will not invest in another one, personally.  ', "i had high expectations about the d2 but got extremely disappointed with it. i used to have a clix that i lost and after reading about the d2 i felt attracted to the 2.5in screen, which is very nice, the sd slot, and battery life. once i received the d2 i got very annoyed with its unintuitive interface. i eventually got it going and was able to transfer video and audio, both played with great quality.  so, why didn't i like the d2? it has some great features, but the interface requires a lot of taping to get it going. the stylus pen can't be put away, it just hangs from an elastic band, not the most elegant function. it felt bulky compared to the clix and i missed the flash games, i am a sudoku addicted! i saw that flash is now supported by the d2 with the latest firmware but you have to go looking around for games. maybe i got too used to the simplicity of the clix. i also realized that battery life was never an issue with my old clix and read that the new screen, though smaller than the d2's, is beautiful with its amoled technology. the  d2 does work with napster to go.     ", 'bought this item for daughters birthday.  quit working in less then 40 days.  sent back to audiovox for repair or replacement under 90 day warantee.  recieved confirmation they recieved it.  2 1/2 months and nothing.  do not recommend buying due to unreliability of product and company.    approx.1 month later now and several calls to the company.  no results in getting it back.  company making all sorts of excuses to why they haven\'t done anything with it (lost it. send it to the wrong place for repair. busy time so be patient[if they are that busy reparing their products then that tells me they sell a lot of junk].  etc.)  will never buy anything from audiovox again.  i take back the 2 stars i gave it and rate it and the company at 0 stars  now january 14, 2008.  audiovox won\'t answer their phone anymore.  all i have got for 2 months is a busy signal on their 800 number. still don\'t have it back and don\'t except to.  now i have a feeling i know where the used ones come from they sell.  if you read this review "buyer beware".  even seller can\'t get them to give an answer to why.    ', 'it\'s nice that the zen micro has bells and whistles like fm (but where\'s am???) and voice recording, and 20% more storage than "the other" mini mp3 player, but why is it so (...)ugly?  the colors are a joke, and i personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad.  but my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  what\'s the point of having "good audio" in your hand when your g/f thinks you have no taste whatsoever and your friends laugh their heads off while proudly showing off their ipod mini?  creative should hire some real industrial designers.  ', 'love it! what keeps it from being a 5 (i would make it 4 1/2) is the control doohickey. it pushes in to get to menu options and it pushes to either side to scroll through menu options, tune to next radio station/move to next audio item or ff/rw (push to side and hold) while playing saved audio. frequently, if i want to ff/rw, i end up at the next item or in the menu and vice versa. one might say it takes getting used to, but i find that you just have to use both hands.  pros: it holds a surprising amount of music, which makes me very happy since it is now the day-to-day alternative to my creative nomad jukebox which has a 20gb harddrive; love the small size and weight (especially compared to the jukebox); sounds great; audio books can be loaded.  give me creative labs anyday!  ', 'if you\'re like me, you see a new product like the ipod photo and the techno-lust starts to kick in. the price of the new have-to-have gadget gives you pause, so you read online reviews and start to save your soda cans. then the day comes. you shell out your hard-earned dollars, and you now have that cool gadget in your hands. then after a few weeks or months, that had-to-have gadget sits on your desk collecting dust. all the fun was in the wanting, and the product never really lived up to the hype.  well, let me be the first to tell you... this was not the case with the ipod photo. i love this thing!  all your music - everywhere you go: my entire cd collection fits on this thing with plenty of room to spare. did i mention that this device is smaller than a deck of cards? no more lugging around a handful of cds wishing that you remembered to grab that other cd on the way into work. not to mention that with the ipod photo i can grab the album art from somewhere like say ... amazon.com, and it displays when i play a track from the cd. you can\'t do that with the standard ipods as far as i know. the battery life is great. after charging all night, i listen to music on my one hour commute into work, eight hours at work (some days), and then an hour on the way home again. not even close to running out of power. the sound quality is great, and for headphone listening there\'s more than enough power to make your ears bleed ... this is a good thing in my opinion.  so if you\'ve never owned an ipod before, what makes this thing so great?  discover new music: the itunes store offers more than 1 million songs, some of which you may have never heard of for only 99 cents a song, and sometimes even for free. that\'s free as in beer (and that\'s always a great thing).  discover podcasts: what are podcast? think of them as talk radio broadcasts that you can listen to whenever you want. there are podcasts on just about any topic you can think of:  sports talk, political opinion, tech-geek news, movie and music reviews, and my favorite "the dawn and drew show" (which defies definition ... think adhd seinfeld with an r rating).  audio books: listen to those books you\'ve been meaning to read, but never have the time. one minute manager, seven habits, etc ...  carry your contact list: now i\'ve ditched my (dusty) pda since my contact list was really the main reason i had to carry one. you can upload your entire contact list to your ipod, and phone numbers, email addresses, everything is right there with you.  photos on your ipod: aside from the cd cover art, this is not a feature i\'ve played with yet ... what can i say ... i have to sleep sometime.  my advice is buy the 60gb if you can afford it, but my 30gb is not even half full yet. either way... give in to your techno-lust and buy one!  ', 'the player was broken after three day i got it. the screen is totally dead.   ', 'i am not going to fool with this difficult to use mp3 player.  i have installed the driver and uninstalled it many times.  i have tried to manually install the driver using the instruction.  nothing works.  looks really nice, but setting up is difficult.  ', "this mp3 player is awesome. i have nothing bad to say about it. the software is extremely easy to use. the only problem i have is trying to navigate the menu in the car (which i shouldn't be doing anyway) and really isn't the players fault i guess. one other thing is it only has a 3 bar battery monitor so when one bar is left you could have 10 mins or up to 8 hrs. other than that though it is perfect. after using my brother's ipod for a month prior to getting this, the micro is preferable in many ways (most important to me is ease of use and it is considerably smaller).   ", "i had my ipod for 2 months and everything went wrong...let me start with the: 1) battery- u need to buy at least 2 more batteries because the battery completeyl drains to where you can't listen to anything anymore. when that happens, all of that precious music that you spent 2 weeks or 2 months downloading is nonexistent, it deletes everything 2) a 30gb holds 7500 songs...i am a proud owner of the sony nw-a3000 (20gb) it holds almost 15000 songs, that's right, 15000 songs 3) trying to get support from apple is like being on life support and someone pulls the plug...enough said 4)using itunes almost made me break my ipod from all the frustration. sony uses sonicstage and it can be a royal pain to use, but that software compresses the files which give you more space on your player. a lot more space!!!  my sony hw-a3000 may not hold videos (which i never watched on my ipod anyway because i work out) or photos (for the same resason) but i've had it for 4 months and only had to recharge the battery completey 10 times! sony actually got it right this time there is an ipod killer, it's name is sony nw-a3000  ", "i just recieved my nano plus and am very happy with it so far. the only disappointment is that the colour of the nano showed above  is not the same colour when it arrives. i would describe it as being more of a hot pink . although listed as an accessory included there is no neck strap  that comes with it but you do recieve a sports band and clip cover. overall for the price it's a good buy!!!!  ", "i had been researching different mp3 players in hopes to find the best one for the lowest price.  the samsung yp-mt6x is just that.  it's easy to control, and easy to put music onto.  you don't have to change the file type, and it is great for holding other files as well, such as pictures and word documents.  i use mine for just about everything.  i put all my files onto it when i had to reformat my computer and it worked wonders.  the only thing is that i could probably use one with more memory, because i only get about an average of 120 songs each time i load news songs onto it.  and the voice recorded does not work very well, but perhaps that's just me.  one time i did i have some trouble with loading songs onto it, but i just looked in the booklet for possible causes, and did as the book instructed and everything was fine.  i love being able to put a single battery in and having it last me a few weeks or for a long car ride.  all you need is a pack of batteries and you are good for quite some time, and there is no obligation to charge it at all.  and the player is very light weight.  i do keep mine in the protective case, but i wish that it came with an arm band or something of the sort because it's hard to run with the player strung around my neck, but you can just as easily hold it.  i suggest buying this if you are looking at it.   ", "i got this mp3 player as a christmas gift, and at first, it seemed to work great.  the directions for transferring files to the player were unnecessarily complicated and confusing, but once i figured out how to load files, it was very easy and fast.  the mp3 function is very easy to use and the sound quality is fine, but the radio function is horrible.  the reception is lousy, the radio changes stations for no reason, and the player often randomly shuts down and changes the presets.<p>however, i ran into a problem when i tried to load the wma files i had purchased from napster and buymusic.com.  the files wouldn't play even though the player was supposed to read wma files.  after trying countless fixes, i gave up and called customer service, who informed me that memorex products do not read any legally downloaded music files.  i was advised to either download the files illegally or stick to files from my cds.  since the entire reason i wanted an mp3 player was to play songs i don't have on cds and i would rather not be sued, i returned it.  <p>if you just want to listen to music tracks from cds, it works great.  however, if you want to buy any songs over the internet, don't buy this mp3 player!  ", 'i really like this "curved" design, and the electric blue glow is cool (can\'t wait to play with it under the sheets with my girlfriend). have to remark to gadgester about "creative should hire some real industrial designers." that  j.ive\'s worked on toilets and wash basins before ipod, which probably explains the white of the original ipod and the metallic colors of the mini, they all remind me of public toilets. the beltclip on mini is really useless (unless you have small private parts and need to show your mini off to impress the girls - "look see girls, i spent wads of money girls, do you like me now?) the curved shape of micro plus its smaller size will make it easy to slip anywhere, mini was uncomfortable in my pocket, all those sharp edges sticking in me. good to see microsoft and creative team up with this product so that it will work on any pc running windows. think i\'ll leave ipods for the people who spend money to look cool, and get myself a zen micro as i value my music quality above what my friends think of me.  ', "as of yesterday morning, the charger no longer appears to be charging the screen. the unit was working fine and it died without any special mistreatment at the time it died. i used it to listen to music on airplanes and kept it in my backbpack, so it got some shaking and suck, but it wasn't especially abused.   ", "i bought the sony nw-hd5 - about two years ago, because is had 20gb and a rechargable/replaceable battery,  it worked fine for about two years, the the battery failed, for $50 i bought another one, which would't hold a charge, i sent that one back for yet another now it appears that the player failed, because the second battery will not hold a charge.  the player only works now on ac-power.  i replaced it with an archos 604 with wifi  ", "sorry that i can't agree with the good reviews posted. i bought this item in late june, and 6 weeks later it showed a fatal error. i had to send it back to creative at my cost (insured & tracking upon their demand) and received a different replacement model a while later. so far, at least the replacement works ;-)  ", "after about 6 months of daily use, my muvo v100 stopped working because i accidently let it run until the battery ran out (don't do that). i needed to run the recovery mode program but the serial number sticker had come off a while ago (i hold it in the hand while on my runs, the sweat had made the sticker come off) anyway, after going around and around for days with customer service, their solution was to buy a new unit! mind you, there isn't anything wrong with mine except it needs to be formatted, it's frozen in recovery mode. because the sticker had fallen off, they treated me like a leper. so my advice is to not let the battery run out while the player is on, save your reciept and save the serial number  ", "whats good about the i-pod nano is that its so small. you can fit it in your pocket with a slide. (unlike the big one witch you need a case for) i have been doing some research and i have found the i-pod nano is the best 1gb (2gb or 4gb) mp3 player. the mini has no color,the others are very expensive and arn't that portable as the nano. this is a great mp3 player to carry around. i recomend you buy it.  ", 'i recently bought this after i had two rca lyras break on me.  i bought this product because it looked like it was a good product.  it turned out to be a poor purchese.  about two days after i got it it stopped working.  i am taking it back and not getting another mp3 player for a while.  the tecnology is just not there yet for mp3 players to be a good purcase.  ', 'my order was upgraded to 80 gig, becaude the company did not have the 3ogig in stock. this upgrade was made at no additional cost. great!!!!!  ', "all the reviews for this player are somewhat true. the player does have some great features such as a great display, long battery life, and easy uploading options. however, the nwz-a816 has a major flaw, it's not loud enough. after unsuccessfully searching the internet and calling sony's customer service for a solution, i have decided to return the player to the store. for those who think i didn't disable avls(volume limit), i did. i also messed around with the equalizer, sound enhancer, and ensured my songs where of the best quality. after wasting hours trying to solve this problem, the a816 still lacks the earsplitting sound i am accustom to. who is sony to limit my volume? if i want to go deaf or get tendinitis that is my choice.although the a816's has some great features, sony's decision to not allow one to jam, negates them all. it is for this reason and this reason alone that i give the a816 two stars. i would also like to take this opportunity to apologize to my dependable and thunderous sansa for trying to replace her.   ", 'my fiancee got me this mp3 player for christmas.  i had been eyeing the ipod shuffles.  he did a lot of research and decided that the mp3 player would be better for me.  i was completely surprised when he gave it to me.  i absolutely love it!  i listen to it on the treadmill when i am walking and when i am cleaning the house.  great item!    ', "look, this thing isn't perfect but there is absolutely nothing else like it out there. yes, i had to call customer service but they were exceedingly helpful and got me up and running tout suite. space is limited but fine for typical uses. sound quality is very good and portability is terrific. i have an ipod but there are times when i just don't want to wear the earpods. and you can plug your ipod into this thing for mini-boombox sound. give it a try.  ", "i have had the same problems as many other users.  the gigabeat worked ok for two months, with an occasional freeze up.  now my computer can't recognize it and it erased all of the music that i put on it.  and the toshiba customer service people are complete jerks and hung up on me.  ", 'i purchased this a couple of months ago and love it. it is well made and the attention to detail that went into everything from the products design to the little things such as giving you batteries for the included remote control really sum up the feel of the product. it is well done. the video compression on the fly for recording off a vcr works great. the ability to pop in movies that one rips off a dvd and then recompress and play works well.   it holds my music, my videos. it\'s a super fast hard drive.  i purchased it after seeing a friend who had another archos product with a smaller screen. this one is perfect. the screen is just the right size.  thanks archos! and good purchasing.  tips:  -if your on windows, get the newest copy of virtualdub and the divx codec to really make your movies fly. you can use it to recompress dvds and captured video (if you have the time)  -if your on a mac, get handbrake  -if your going to be displaying video on a tv that your capturing, tweak the contrast and saturation levels as well as the audio levels while viewing the "tv out" of the archos, that way you know what your getting!  enjoy!   ', "i got the lifedrive one week ago to replace a sony clie.  the following comments are based on one week experience. pros: 1.  new lifedrive manager software which in most cases obviate the need for hotsync.  this is truly revolutionary. 2.  larger hard drive.  finally we are catching up with the rest of the world.  you may be able to replace your ipod mini with this more versatile handheld. 3.  good voice recorder.  i just got back from a meeting and recorded one whole days worth of talks from the back of a room with 60 people and record quality was quite good and no software bugs were noticed.  in addition to the time allocated under your voice memo section, you can directly record to your hard drive allowing you to record more stuff. 4.  this machine can store an enormous number of powerpoint presentations.  this is a big plus for if you do any teaching e.g. quick review of a topic with a med student before a surgery. 5.  nice metallic finish.  looks better than cheap looking t5.  cons: 1.  poor battery life.  after a whole day of heavy use, the battery dies without warning. 2.  repeated powering down of the hard drive causing a few second delay in opening new applications.  annoying as hell!!! 3.  no way to customize turning off the screen after a short period of inactivity.  if you play chess on this machine, it becomes annoying.  by the way, hiarcs chess engine runs quite well on this machine(downloadable for 39.99). 4.  adobe reader formats most documents well, but some with complex formatting turn into incomprehensible amorphous text. 5.  price.  i don't understand why a piece of cheap looking electronics made in china should cost this much money. 6.  no integrated cell phone or camera. 7.  some applications don't run on this device.  i signed up for audible.com membership to get a $100 rebate.  but so far i have been unable to make the audible manager recognize this device and download audiobooks to this device. 8.  it is very disappointing palm decided to put the cheaper and slower wifi.  i suspect their next device will have the faster version. 9.  size.  more bulky than other palm handhelds.  not a true shirt pocket device. 10.  no headphone provided.  why can't they throw in a $10 headphone for this $499 device.  i am using my old sony clie headphones which works fine.   overall, 4 stars.  i am sure i will find a lot more annoying problems as i use it more.     ", "i am basically happy with my epson p-2000 except for one issue. if you want photos entered into an album on the epson p-2000 in a certain order for presentation, you can't do it.  photos are shown in the order and date they were taken on your digital camera.  after spendidng hours creating a 700 picture file on my computer and transfering it to the viewer in the order i wanted them presented, i learned from epson tech support this feature is not currently availble on the p-2000.  i explained my reasoning for wanting them viewed in a certain order, and tech support said this may be available in a future update. other than this, i am enjoying the p-2000 to store and view my photos.  ", 'this potential "ipod killer" can hardly stand up on its own (feet) because of terrible software design. the player itself is beautiful and the designers ought to be proud of that but the software is a huge letdown. in the age of drag and drop mp3 players to have a propreitary software that is nonintuitive and full of bugs is a crime. i did all the updating but the transfer part kept hanging up on two mp3 files while allowing me no chance to exclude them. i finally deleted them and tried again. everything seemed to transfer fine but the player itself would not play with the announcement "retry synchronization." further attempts locked up my otherwise stable home-built, superbly cared for machine running windows 2000. even though i\'d be [...], i\'m returning this thing.  ', 'the mpio dmk mp3 player is an unmitigated piece of junk - a terrible, terrible purchase that has only caused me a ton of frustration and, well, even a tinge of embarrassment.   i say frustration because, since having initially managed to successfully upload songs onto the device once (which i suppose could in a way justify the mandatory one-star rating i\'ve had no choice but to give it,) it has for all intensive purposes ceased to function, it would seem entirely of its own volition. i have tried installing and re-installing the included mpio software onto no less than three different fully up-to-date pcs with no success. mp3 files simply refuse to transfer to the device. i have spent tireless hours trying to troubleshoot the problems - even braving the, uh, let\'s just call it "loosely translated" instruction manual - to no avail. alas, i  have since given up, having come to the realization that there is so much more to life than sitting by the computer and trying to beat this piece of crap into functioning the way it\'s supposed to. i have come to the end of my unfortunate epic journey of frustration with the knowledge that there is no software, firewire or missing piece that will rectify the problems with the mpio dmk 128 mb mp3 player. the problem is intrinsically in the poor manufacturing. to say that this thing sucks is an understatement.  it is also important to note that though the mpio dmk is marketed as being cross-platform compatible (i.e. it claims to work on both mac and pc,) this is outright false advertising. a blatant lie. itunes and this thing are like water and oil. plugging this piece of garbage into a mac (yes, i\'ve tried it on a mac as well as the aforementioned three pcs) will only result in a frozen computer. try connecting device. restart computer. try again. restart. try again. restart. scream. punch hole in wall. drink heavily to dull pain. again.  furthermore, the mpio dmk wasted no time in starting to fall apart physically as well. it\'s not too major, but the rubber cap that seals the firewire input dock ceased to fit, leaving the dock exposed at all times. can you spell a-w-e-s-o-m-e?  i say that the mpio dmk 128 mb mp3 player caused me embarrassment as well because i had the added misfortune of having bought it as a gift for my girlfriend. it would have been her first mp3 player. she watched and waited as i tried in vain to get her music to work. when i finally gave up, pounding fists on the desk and sobbing unconsolably from the unrelenting emotional toll raised by my endless unsuccessful efforts, she dried my tears, stroked my hair and assured me that it didn\'t matter. but as much as i tried to grapple with her sincerity, i could see the truth plainly revealed in her eyes: she thought me to be less of a man.  just kidding. it wasn\'t like that. but close.  but seriously, i have since replaced this piece of crap with an ipod shuffle, which works without incident and sounds infinitely better.  so, in conclusion, if you are in the market for a portable mp3 player, i implore you to save yourself the trouble and look in another direction. i can tell you with all conviction not to purchase the mpio dmk 128 mb mp3 player under any circumstance. you might as well set your money on fire.  in fact, i will go so far as to say that if i could manage to get in touch with the president of mpio - or, say, a customer service representative...or, geeze, even a frickin\' company secretary for that matter - i would, without hesitation, ask for his resignation.  ', "this player is junk. it advertises all these features and it probably has them, if you can find one that will work more than twice. i bought one and it worked twice and wouldn't come back on. i called the seller they gave me a rma number and i returned it. i thought that maybe i just got a bad player so i asked for an exchange, which i got with no problem. i did have to pay six dollars shipping for the return though. a couple of weeks later got a new player. it worked a whopping two times before it quit. i knew it would be six more dollars shipping so i threw it in the trash...which is where every one of these players by audiovox belongs as far as i am concerned. the only reason i gave it one star is because i don't think i can give it a zero. know this product is a zero in my opinion. it is just terrible.  ", 'purchased this mp3 player in april 2005.  worked great for twelve months - then i had a problem - it was stuck in fm mode, and i could not turn it off (unless i pulled out the batteries each time).  went to the creative labs web site for support - nothing there to help my situation - then i sent an email - and they told me that they would not assist me, and then refered me back to the web site.  they also gave me a phone number to call - but that it would cost me [...] every 30 minutes of "support" that they provide!!!!   so now my mp3 player is no longer functional, and i need to buy a new one.  if you value customer service - stay away from creative lab products  ', "i've bought four of these for myself and friends.  they're cheap enough that you don't have to worry too much about losing or breaking them (like you would an ipod). it doesn't have silly restrictions on what kind of mp3s you can play (but you can't play itunes music!).  it's literally as small as a matchbox and great in the gym.  one gig is plenty of music for one outing, and you can always change it.  i got one wet and it kept working.  down sides:  the sound quality is a bit tinny.  the interface isn't as sleek and engaging as the ipod, but it's not bad.  two of the four i bought stopped working after about 14-18 months of use, and there's really no way to get it fixed.  you probably shouldn't think of it as something that will last forever... or else you could get one of those 2-3 year replacement warranty deals.  still, not too bad a deal overall, i think.  ", "cheap mp3 player, have had trouble with it on several occasion and currently it is not working again.  when it does work, the music quality is good that's why it gets 2 stars but i would suggest saving yourself the hassles and look elsewhere.  ", 'i initially was hesitant of buying "a" sony mp3 player based on all the other reviews. i will have to say getting used to the sonicstage program can take time. some mp3 files might prove problematic to play on it (a couple of my files did not play on it). but converting to the omg format and using those files really is not that big of a deal. it will take a bit of time, but you really have to do it once. the sound quality (earphones + playback) is just great. moreover it is just beautiful. i have to say the oled display is wonderful, and going through playlists and the like is with no problem. long story short, it is "different" from other mp3 players because of no drag and play, but in my humble opinion it is not a deal breaker.  ', "i bought this as an xmas present to myself.  the &quot;first&quot; one i received had a huge scratch across the screen.  i thought i would be able to put up with it, but it was just ridiculous so i setup a exchange thru amazon (which i must say was the best part of my experience thus far.)  the ups guy was there the next morning to pick it up, and my replacement was there the following day.  so far, i was ok with the situation, these things happened, and i hadnt ever had a problem with amazon in the past so i figured, what the hay.  then the second one came and it also had a scratch on the screen.  much smaller, but still obviously scratched.  i had just chosen to &quot;deal with it&quot;.  then it started having the same problem another person mentioned in their review, it would not power up. i charged it till it was full, but it wouldn't power back up.  i had to plug it in to get any power and then after about 20 minutes or so, if i would turn it off, it would not turn back on.  &quot;screw it&quot; i said.  and i setup another return for a refund this time, not a replacement. i still think this is a good product and from all the other reviews i've read, it looks like my issues were just flukes.  but im gonna take out the only variable in question and just go buy it at a retail store. that way i will be sure to avoid any cosmetic defects and i suppose i'll take my chances with the whole battery issue. wish me luck!  ", 'i ordered this item on march 22, but not shipped until today(april 27), why?  ', "i snapped belt clip on the device and i cannot get it off to replace battery. if an adult strong man cannot get the clip off, how can a child or woman do it?! be forewarned: never use the belt clip. features: i haven't gotten to them yet after 2 hours of wrestling with the clip. update: to remove the clip, you have to push down the top part of the clip, and pull off the bottom part.   ", 'i bought this for my sister and she loved it, as well as myself. i got mine months ago and still using it.  functionallity is great, no problems at all; sound is good and fm reception is neat.  i highly recomend this product, small size and oveall features are awesome.   ', "the iriver is great, however there is on glitch.  all of a sudden out of nowhere, it turn on and you can't press any button to turn off the lcd screen.  you can't play anything. it's frozen.  it stays frozen until, until you manually reset. it works fine despite this.  but your battery could pay a toll on this random bizarre event.  i think i'll keep it despite this defect.  ", '8/9/05 updates:  so far so good. i am still enjoying my iriver. i think my friend wants one, but it\'s kind of a waste of money since he doesn\'t even have a 128 cd case yet, and hasn\'t filled his 64. besides, he has windows 98, and the iriver is only compatable with xp, mac os 9, and mac os x. the reason i am resumbitting my review is to point out a couple of things i didn\'t mention before.  1) songs cannot play in album order. though you can do this by using the quick list, it becomes frustratingg after awhile.  2) the battery life seemingly lasts more than 16 hours under normal use, more around 20-22 hours, depending on your usage.  3) the battery is not swappable, however, iriver\'s site said yet...meaning they are making a swapple battery for the h10-20gb. the battery lasts around 4 years, however shortens slowly after the third year. iriver\'s website states at 4 years, the battery life will be dropped around -4 hours. which means even if you get it now your battery will never die.  4) the player does seem to support .wav files. i by accident added a .wav file and my friend accidentally played it. the player played the four minute .wav file just fine without hesistation.  5) you can not add a song to an exisiting playlist that has been added to the player, a little frustrating. you have to delete the file in my computer and then add the song again. this could take an immense amount of time if you want to add a large amount of certain songs.  6) imo, cnet\'s review should be redone, as they say the navigation is difficult, when it\'s easy as pie.  so far, i still love my iriver. so, it\'s not 100% perfect, but the firmware hasn\'t even been upgradeable yet, meaning they are working on some new firmware for the h10-20gb.  and, if you haven\'t read my earlier review, it is posted below.  7/5/05:  i recently bought and returned the yh925gs. not only did it not have an fm tuner (didn\'t care that much), but adding, modifying, and deleting files was becoming a big pain.   the mp3 player is pretty slim, even though it\'s not the slimmest one you can buy, it\'s light so if you like jogging with it or excersising you\'ll barely notice it. like all 20 gb mp3 players, you can store 5,000 songs (approx. 400 cds). the controls look strange at first, but actually, all you need to control is the touchpad. there are also arrows for them most easy navigation. you\'ll notice that it\'s easier to use than most mp3 players on the market today. the battery life is 16 hours. some of today\'s players have more than 20 hours, but i guess 16 is okay.   the player also comes with a 1.8" lcd screen, and more colors than a computer so your photos will look of professional quality. on this player, something that most if not all players can\'t do, is view .txt files. this is a really cool feature. you can store lyrics or essays in notepad, then transfer them into the player. this is a very cool feature that i will be using more often.   the sound is really good. it doesn\'t have wow features that most mp3 players have, but it has a very decent equalizer. the sound isn\'t distored at all, and i\'m suprised about this.   the player also comes with recordings and fm tuning. the microphone can pick up voice pretty far, and the fm tuner is quite good too. there are also 20-preset stations for your tuner. and listen to this one, you can rip off of the radio. how cool is that? say your listen to the radio, and you hear this hot new track that is so good, you can just press record, and you can listen to it whenever you want. it\'s not that other players don\'t do this, it\'s that this is the 1 of 2 players that has the fantasic combination of 20 gb, radio, and recording. (the iaudio x5 is the other player that has this...i didn\'t buy it because it doesn\'t allow you to change track settings, wtf?)   it\'s also playsforsure compatible, but to use wmp 10, you have to download the drivers from the iriver website. unless you have a lot of music on wmp, i would just stick to the drag-n-drop. it\'s not just drag-n-drop (e.g. my computer, iriver) or wmp 10 that\'s compatable. realplayer is compatable, and napster is too (but i think napster sucks). to put photos on your mp3 player, you can use the manual drag-n-drop. as a matter of fact, the my computer>iriver method is probably the best. i have no reason why you would want/need wmp 10 or real to manage music. though, i guess to have further options, you would need it. but otherwise, it\'s very easy to add tracks since you can drag-n-drop. but remember, if you can\'t get windows to understand the h10, you\'ll need to go to iriver\'s website and download the new drivers. i wish they would give you the drivers beforehand, because some people with computers may not have internet.   overall, if you want the great combination of 20 gb, wma and mp3, recording, drag-n-drop (no hassle with wmp or real), and fm radio, you just have to have the h10.  ', 'i wanted to love my pepper pad; but after two weeks of making excuses for its flaws, i returned it.   first the good: the size and weight are terrific. it\'s comfortable to hold, whether sitting on a sofa or lying in bed. the built in stand is well designed, allowing me to connect the pad to a bluetooth keyboard and mouse at my desk. the user interface is clever and intuitive. there\'s no need to refer to the  manual to operate most of the applications. the browser is especially good, incorporating mozilla\'s tab capabilities without cluttering the screen with too many menus and buttons. the synchronization with a desktop computer is a plus. i downloaded the pepper desktop software, surfed to my favorite sites and bookmarked them in the desktop application and then synced the desktop with the pepper pad. transferring photos and music from the desktop to the pad was also very easy.   now the bad: wi-fi performance is marginal. i have a 802.11g linksys router that establishes excellent or very good connections with my laptop and desktops in all corners of my house. in some of the same locations, i couldn\'t connect the pad. even in spots where the connection with the pad was strong, the auto-connect feature was flaky. sometimes the pad would say it was connected to the router, but then it would disconnect saying it could not get an ip address from the router. this happened even when i was in the same room with the router. to address this issue, i used the wi-fi config on the pad to assign the pad a fixed ip address. but every time i turned the pad off and restarted, it would revert to the dynamic ip setting and my fixed address was lost. i contacted customer support about this, was told i would get an email back, but i never heard from them.   the email application is disappointing. you can only have one pop or imap account. many (if not most) people in pepper\'s target audience have multiple email accounts -- one for home, another for work. i can\'t imagine why pepper released the pad with such a limited email application.   the screen size is decent, but it\'s not as sharp as i would have liked.  it\'s slow. browser page load times were noticeably longer on the pad, compared to all of the other computers on my network -- even when running the pad in the same room as the router.   the pad has lots of little bugs. in the two weeks i had it, the pad crashed and restarted four or five times for reasons i could not fathom. twice, after being fully charged, the power meter continued to report that the battery was critically low (i had to reboot the pad to get the correct power reading). same with the wi-fi connection. sometimes when connected, the "not connected" icon appeared. again, rebooting solved that problem.   i purchased the pad because i wanted a small, affordable internet device that i could take from room to room and read in bed. at $850, the pad seemed pricey to me, but the under-$1,000 tablet pcs had gotten bad reviews, and the market had few other alternatives. there\'s been lots of buzz about other devices -- such as the $350 nokia 770. but none had reached the market. when pepper began to ship, it was the best option available. but as i struggled with pepper\'s flaws, i found myself rationalizing the purchase and making excuses for the machine, rather than relishing it. "i can live with these flaws," i kept telling myself. "because pepper is the only game in town." but then i began to search for other options. the nokia 770 has begun to ship and is getting good reviews. advueu has improved its $950, 2.5-pound tablet pc. there are other options, and more on the way. again, if pepper was half the price, i might have stuck with it. but when it\'s more than twice as much as nokia\'s internet device and barely less than a tablet pc that can do 10-times as much, it seems foolish to stick with a machine that i\'m barely tolerating. i don\'t know if the nokia and advueu machines are the ones to buy. but i suspect the market will have plenty of options soon. pepper needs to beef up its offering (and perhaps reduce its price) to compete.   ', "my ipod changed my life.lol  im in the navy, so everything has to be compact.  no more carrying around cd's dvd's tv's etc.  now it is all in one place.  i can watch movies in my rack now without a bulky laptop.  the picture is so crystal clear.  i fought the hype for a while by buying a creative, a gigabeat, a lyra.  they cannot compare by far.  having an ipod is like belonging to a club.  trust what ever you want a mp3 player to do the ipod does.  a little advice though, learn how to use itunes fully.  people at work are always asking me to hook their ipod up like mines.  itunes is simple.  it will organize all your stuff for you if you take the time to learn how.  fyi don't buy that 100 dolar cable to hook your ipod up to your tv.  just go to walmart or somewhere and get a 20 dolar cable that plugs into your headphone jack and converts to audio and video rca's.  normally these cables are for digital cameras/cams.  ", "this is a very light and compact mp3 player. unfortunately, it does not play mp3s! you need to use sony's proprietory software to convert your mp3s into another music format before being able to play them.  ", "i'm writing this review because i'm been loocking forward to the ipod competition... but it is constantly letting me down. why does creative incorporated fm radio and not ogg sopport first?, being this a digital music player... i think the are just trying to battle  the ipod with the same features, not really trying to make a better player. there are far too few ogg players out there, and most of them are not good or too expensive...  ", "last time i checked you could get an ipod for $180. i last checked about 2 weeks ago and i thought it was a rip off then. this is outrageous, apple makes their ipods for $30 and amazon is selling them for $200. they're earning more money than they need, yet people still keep buying them. sure it's great with all the songs, games and features but, it's not worth the money your paying for it. it's a rip off.  ", 'i was quite disappointed with my purchase.  cons: 1) i could not figure out how to control the order of the song playing.  it would only play in random or alphabetical order.  i would have to change the file names for all the music files to make sure that the files play in the same order as the cd. 2) the sd slot was practically useless.  i have a 1gb chip and everytime the player powered-up it would spend about 5 minutes examining the files on the sd looking for new files. 3) this is the big one.  i was listening to the player in the car when i dropped it on the carpetted floor - it went dark and has not worked since.  new batteries could not bring it to life.  after spending a hundred on this, i have a dead mp3 player.  ', 'i have to say, i was all for the new 5g ipod until i started getting into making the portable device usable in various settings. apple is killing their customer base by turning a highly priced $400 portable music device into a $600 item by gouging customers for every single accessory needed - even splitting up the wall charger and the cable needed to connect the charger to the ipod ($60 to charge your ipod through an outlet)!  the screen scratches, even with a soft cloth.  you will have to buy a screen cover of some sort right away. the class scratches easier than even the most fragile coated sunglasses i have ever owned.  why can\'t they just use the same scratch resistant glass everyone uses on pda screens?  here\'s a break down of what i\'ve spent so far on my $400 ipod:  $400 - 60 gig 5g ipod video (comes with a usb cable and worthless earbud headphones that will have to be replaced. $30 - usb power adapter (allows the ipod usb cable to charge the ipod. no usb cable provided, so you\'ll have to use the one that was provided for your computer synching (a pain, i know). $30 - usb cable for the usb power adapter $40 - universal dock for my home stereo $30 - usb cable for my universal dock (none provided with the dock) $22 - 1/8" mini headphone to rca cable for connecting to my home stereo (monster cable brand, could have gone cheaper for basic radio shack cables) $20 - 1/8" mini to 1/8" mini cable for connecting the ipod to my car stereo or other speaker systems (monster cable). $20 - for the cheapest rubber protective sleeve offered to keep the highly scratch prone screen from scratching.  this turns a $400 item into a $592 item.  if you want the remote for the dock or any other accessories, the dollar figure continues to grow. in my opinion, if you haven\'t already heavily invested in the ipod, go another route. there are a plethora of other portable media devices out there that give you much more bang for your buck.  from companies that actually have the customers needs and best interest in mind. and besides, you\'ll be cool and unique and not like every other conformist out there (yes, i am one of those conformists, but learn from me).   if this review was helpful to you, please click on "yes". thank you kindly.  ', 'i was looking for a "do-it-all" player for music, voice and audiobooks. although the iriver t30 handles the first two functions pretty well, i advise you not to buy this unit for its support of audible files. in this mode it works (sort of), but i have discovered several very annoying quirks.  as soon as i use the voice recording feature, the unit:  1) will not save bookmarks in an audible file.  2) will not retain the last position in memory when i exit from an audible file.  when this happens, the only solution i have found is to completely reformat the device and reinstall the operating system.  as well, when the unit\'s battery runs out in the middle of listening to an audible file, the entire file is no longer recognized by the player. i must load a new copy of the file to continue.   ', "although i like the product overall, i'm frustrated with the useless nickel-sized ear buds.  they are very uncomfortable and do not stay in place. if you buy this product, get a pair of ear buds as well   ", "sure, this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod. but with a low price, comes lower quality. our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality, great features, long battery life, and an unbeatable price. the catch is it's built like a piece of crap. it lasted about 1 1/2 weeks. i didn't abuse it, i charged it every day, but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out. i tried re-setting it, i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house (10 pairs), and nothing worked. so i contacted customer service at creative, but they said, &quot;if the product seems broken, we cannot help,&quot; or something to that effect. wow. don't get me wrong, the thing was like heaven for about a week. if you want a quality mp3 player, splurge on an ipod. if you really need to save, buy this thing on amazon, they eventually gave me a full refund. i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player, and i'm happy with that until a cheap, worthwhile mp3 player coomes out.  ", "i've had the product for a month now and i haven't had any lock-up, connection or any other problems other reviewers wrote about.    i was able to connect it to my tv, vcr or dvd in minutes and start recording, no problem.  i do agree that the speaker volume is way too low.   you can adjust the video recording volume.  i would recommend setting it to the highest level before making a recording, that helps, but with cd's there's not much you can do.   archos claims you can store up to 250 movies, but that is with the lowest resolution which i think is horrible.  with acceptable resolution, you'll get more like 100 movies. also if you record some dvd's, they are playable on the device, but not thru your tv because of copyright protection. this is annoying.   i would also recommend not using windows to put music on it.  this is where the lock-ups occur.  i use it as a hard drive device and have had no problems.   i haven't had any dealing with customer service and i hope not to from what i've read.  i'm very careful with it, even though it does seem very sturdy and well made. i am definitely backing up important files.  it gets 4 stars instead of 5 because of the low speaker volume, the carrying case is poorly designed, the lowest video resoultion is unwatchable and it doesn't accept any text file formats which archos advertising claims it did. overall though, i think all my research paid off and i'm very happy.  ", 'this product is very hard to understand how to operate. i have had both my daughters to try to get it to set and neither one can do it. i wish i had bought and easier on to operate.  ', 'i purchased this mp3 player a year or so ago.  the first time i left it in my care over night when it was between 45-55 degrees.  it never came back on.  i then returned the product because i had bought the extended warranty so i got a replacement.  i then gave the replacement to my father in law.  he used it inside and when he went to use it the next day the same thing happened.   these are cheap and terrible.    ', 'i opened the package skimmed through the instruction book and was listening to music in no time. the fm tuner is good, better than any other in my difficult to recieve area. i enjoy the belt clip, presents the joy-stick at just the right possition. i cannot imagine using an arm-band. the sound is awesome. the controls are easy to use. i remain very happy i chose samsung. i feel samsung is miles ahead of imac.  ', 'i would not buy anything from rio again. i have owned two of their mp3 players (rio 600 and psa[play60). both units broke within a month of purchase. as for the psa[play60 i can not get a customer service person to return my email. i have written 3 times in a two week span with no help. on their website they list the psa[play60 as a &quot;legacy&quot; product. i think they meant &quot;good luck getting these products fixed&quot;. i would recommend not buying any rio product.  ', "radio shack had the m:robe in stock for $130 less a $30 mail-in rebate.  i have had this mp3 player for only one day, but price/performance deserves a 5-star rating.  that, and i also believe it is the best looking and most durably constructed mp3 player on the market.  i don't think you need to hide it in a case, because it is constructed of metal and glass.  it is not going to get scratched up.  i read a lot of reviews of the m:robe before buying it.  some earlier ones complained about it not playing loud enough, or freezing up.  these problems have been fixed, so as soon as i got it out of the box, i applied the latest software updates olympus has come up with.  just do it!    here is the quickest way to set the m:robe up:    attach ac power cord to transformer, and transformer to docking station.  place m:robe in docking station.  attach usb cable to docking station and position near your main pc.  the m:robe will start to charge the battery.  this will take about 3 hours, so you have plenty of time update software and upload cds.  load the enclosed cd and install the m-trip software.  it will give you an option to scan your hard drive for music.  do it.  i only had 4 sample music files in the windows media format, and i deleted them from the pc hard drive as allowed from the m-trip software.  you should also register the product as you install the software.  olympus ships the product with version 1.0 of the pc software and the m:robe also has the lowest level of firmware installed.  you want the latest updates, so....  open internet explorer and go to the web site: [...]  uploaded m-trip music manager update v1.06, and m:robe 100 firmware update v2.17, and follow the clear instructions they provide to complete these tasks.  the web site provides six different uploads.  you only need the top two, so don't bother with the others.  so now you have the latest software.  start feeding music cds into the m-trip software.  it only takes a couple of minutes to upload each cd.  by the time the battery is fully charged, you will have a pretty good collection of music.  now sync the m:robe with your pc and you can start playing with this little portable music wonder.   the touch-sensitive controls work easily and smoothly.  it takes some getting used to, but it is all intuitive after a short while.  play with the equalization settings.  i found they all made the music sound worse, and that no equalization worked best, but you be the judge.  the ear buds supplied with the m:robe are pretty awful, but hey if you can get this player for net $100 from radio shack, that leaves you some extra cash for good ear phones.  best points of this player:  it looks great with its flat black glass front and bright red control lights.  olympus did a great job in designing this unit.  worst points:  the m-trip music management software is not the equal of i-tunes.  for me, who listens to entire albums at a time, this is not an issue.  if you think you can compose a better play list than the original artist, get the i-pod.   ", "i bought this player a year and a half ago, and it's really not worth getting.  i had serious compatibility issues uploading songs onto the thing, it got so bad that only one in about ten tries would successfully work, and sometimes if you were uploading one song it would freeze and corrupt the entire memory.  as long as you weren't changing songs it worked ok, but that's hardly a justification for it's flaws.  it's possible this was just a compatibility problem with my pc, but i wouldn't tell anybody to risk that anyway.  i personally won't ever risk buying a digital way product for a while.  for the same price as this you can get a samsung yp-mt6x 512 mb mp3 player, that is better than this one in ever way:  - it plays ogg and wmv files - it has 4 times the memory - it has 4 times the battery life.  ", 'the gigabeat looks sharp and the sound is great but the software is horrible. the cradle doesn\'t work either on my home or work pc. the "gigabeat room" is not intuitive at all. to top it all off, the gracenotes software crashes when it tries to connect with the internet and i have to do a hard reboot. this means i have to enter all track info manually.   ', 'i received this mp3 player for christmas of 06, and have experienced a flaw in it\'s design that is well documented with it\'s user base. i will simply paste an explanation of the problem i found.  "there is a known issue regarding these players\' tendency to display "unknown artist" or "unknown album" even when windows explorer, or media player clearly reflect the correct artist and or album of a particular song when the unit is connected via the usb port. this issue appears to occur randomly and even the most recent beta firmware (version 2.2.5) has not resolved it." [...]  other discussions about said issue can be found will a small amount of research. however, there is no solution to this problem. i contacted sandisk via their on-line tech support system on jan-9, and received no response after several days. i then called their tech support line, as assigned case id #982315 and was told i would be contacted the next day by somebody named jason. i was never contacted by said person.  after a week of waiting, i wrote their customer service again. on jan-23, i received an e-mail instructions to return my mp3 from where it was bought.  replacing my mp3 player with the same model containing the same fundamental design flaw is not what i want, i want a solution. this mp3 player cost over $200, and it was shipped with a known defect.  based on my experience with sandisks customer service, the bug this player was shipped with, and sandisks inability to correct said bug via firmware updates in over a year, i will not buy another sandisk product.  ', "i have bought two of these devices, and both have failed.  they just stop working.  customer service is a disaster.  it took me three days and conversations with three people for them to agree to replace one of my non-working players.  then, i got a call from a fourth person saying they had to charge me.  two other people didn't return my calls over two days, and in the end, it took me five days, conversations with six people, and a total of two hours to get the problem resolved, and even then, i still have to pay to get them to fix their non-working product.  avoid this company as poor product reliability combined with unhelpful time-consuming customer service is a disaster.  ", "awesome concept, however i live in an apartment that doesn't have any south facing windows, so i was unable to get a signal.  i strongly advise against calling the xm radio help # from a phone that won't use up your cell phone minutes.  had to call them four different times, and all they did was read me the instruction manual, and tell me that if i don't have signal my radio won't work (i had clearly established that fact already).  i recieved the radio for free because of a rebate, and didn't even intend on getting xm radio, but figured since the unit was free, and an mp3 player, to give it a try.   i was going to break down and buy the $70 car kit but then i ran across the agt sportscaster for $20, which came with a car kit.  since i can't use it in my house, i hook up the home base to the car kit, and at least i can use it that way.  this ended up being a lot of work for something i wasn't sure i wanted in the first place.  haven't used the mp3 player yet, but napster does not seem the most user friendly.  (i have the majority of my songs on itunes)  ", "i purchased the pmc-120 in july 2007. it's very easy to use and there was plenty of storage space for me to store the material i wanted. there are over 2100 songs and 30 videos on my player with 8gb of space remaining. i was able to purchase it for a hundred bucks, so that made it that much more enjoyable. i would give the pmc-120 a five star rating, but it is to dependent on windows media 10. maybe i-river can come up with a format that allows the pmc-120 to be able to sychronize with windows media 11 or higher? the video quality is excellent, and it is user friendly. their tech support is decent, but they try to help you through any problems that may occur with the pmc-120. when you get your device there will be around 18gb on it. i'm thinking of getting the nieces and nephews one for christmas or birthdays. it's a little bulky, but i'm pleased with the purchase. it normally sells for over $500.00, so you should hurry up and land one. if you want to waste your money, purchase an ipod. whenever i take a road trip i hook up the pmc-120 to the i-river fm transmitter, and it's music non stop. the pmc-120 has a car charger, but it doesn't come with it. i bought my charger for $12.00 off of e-bay.   ", "-very simple to use.  sound quality is a+.    -earbuds have the best sound for earbuds of those type, but usually too large for most women i find (try creative's ep-360).   -comes with a neck strap, armband or carring case sold seperatly.  -case is hard plastic.  at this time i feel you would have to be very careless to break the battery covering or any part of it.  the battery covering slides in and out with ease.    -my 1st two batteries did last about 18 hours.  easy to use with audible.com and window media player.    -compaired to other players in the same price range, this is the best bang for your buck.  ", 'the yp-t7x is a solid mp3 player.  the fm radio works well.  it is a good device to use while running.  i also have a creative zen and the two devices are complimentary (one for storing all of my music and one for use while running).  ', 'this is by far the best deal for mp3/flash drives on the market. great sound, and when they say 1gb they mean it. also, mach speed is a great company. i cracked the face of the display and they sent me a new face plate free of charge. customer service and tech support are a+.  ', "i bought this for my daughter at christmas- it was so popular i ordered it from 4 different places and they all were out of stock before i finally got one. it didn't work right from the time we took it out of the box. as soon as we installed the software and plug in the mp# player, the computer wouldn't recognize it. it would freeze up and then the next day after charging, it wouldn't power on at all. i read a lot of reviews before purchasing it and was very excited about the product, but when it came time to replace it and stayed away from the creative zen. i just don't have time for trouble.  if i had all the time in the world i would purchase another one.  ", 'i have owned this product for a little over a month and it is very good with one very specific issue.  copying video onto the view is a total pain.  you cannot just copy video, you must go through the approved converter.  that can take a very long time.  i have a very fast computer and the converter pegs the cpus at 99% while doing a conversion.  it also takes 35 minutes to convert 20 minutes of video.  if you want drag and drop this is not the viewer for you.  ', 'i am addicted to audio books (in mp3 format) so i\'ve got to have an mp3 player.  i have been using this little gem for about half a year now and i\'m more than happy with it. i had been using a samsung yepp yp-f1x 512 mb mp3 player (which i was also happy with), but i lost it. i decided i needed more memory than my old unit so the creative zen nano plus was my choice.  what i love about it (in no particular order): ~ the track will start off where it was stopped. awesome feature for audio books. ~ size. fits in any pocket. ~ storage. 1 gb is enough to hold two or three books, depending on the size of the books. ~ can be used as a flash drive. ~ the scrolling. fast-forwarding and rewinding gets incrementally faster the longer the scroller is pressed. this is a great feature for audio books. ~ the "lock" function. when a track is playing, the mp3 player can be locked so that when buttons on the player are pressed the track is not interrupted. this is a great feature for audio books.  why it\'s *almost* perfect: ~ i miss the clip on my old mp3 player that allowed me to attach the player to my clothing. if i don\'t have any pockets i put the zen nano in a cell phone holder that has a clip, but that adds bulk and looks stupid. ~ i seem to go through a lot of batteries. i have been keeping track and, on the average, i replace the battery about every four weeks. i wish it could charge via the usb cable like my previous unit.  the worst thing about it: ~ when the battery is almost drained, the player sometimes loses the ability to scroll and will sometimes not start the track where it was stopped. this means i end up putting in a new battery even though there is still a little bit of juice in the old battery.   i would buy this mp3 player again if i needed another one. in fact, i am going to get one for my brother for christmas this year. and some batteries.  ', "i bought this player off of tigerdirect, and it was great for about 3 months.  (minus horrible battery life and small storage capacity, even w/ the extra 32mb backpack).  after the first three months, it simply stopped working.  wouldn't turn on, no response at all.<p>wrote sonicblue, after a couple of weeks of going back and forth and finally convincing them that it wasn't a firmware update issue, they agreed to 'let' me mail it to them (at my cost) and they would repair or send me a replacement.  i guess they did replace it, but after about three months of use, i am getting the same problems again.  i wish i had believed other reviews about this product.  if you're into masochism, then by all means, get this thing.  if not, save up for an ipod or anything else but rio.  you get what you pay for... (paid $70)  ", "just ignore the simpleton from june 12, 2005 who talked about the ipod charger being incompatible with overseas 220v.  like your laptop, all you need is a cheap adaptor to plug it into the wall socket.  there's absolutely no risk of damaging a us spec ipod if you travel outside the country - i`ve done it plenty of times.  on the other hand, taking your ipod on vacation without your charger is a tad foolish - hardly apple's fault!  i'm often discouraged to see people who post reviews on amazon that are more to do with their own shortcomings rather than the product itself.  the 60gb photo is my 2nd ipod.  yes it's a little expensive, but i use it daily and find it to be a first rate mp3 player.   ", 'this is my 2nd creative nano which i upgraded due to space issues and wanted to record opie and anthony every day as mp3 files.  i had been recording to my archos portable player, however it records as a wav file and then i had to take time to convert the files to mp3.  now i just plug the nano to the back of the xm out and his record, dump the files to my hard drive and have them to email, and record to cdr to listen to in the car.  i can record over 12 hours in 96kb format which is excellent for talk radio.  i have recorded songs in the highest format, however satillite is clear but transmission is not "cd quality", but if that does not bother you then just record hours of xm/sirius and drop it to your hard drive as well.  also realize that when you record on a portable unit, you cannot drag the files to your computer due to copy write law.  zen nano will allow you the freedom to share your recorded items.   the downside to recording xm shows is that there is no timer and of course you would have to leave this plugged into a cradled xm unit..if there was then there would be no reason to purchase a xm2go.  i have to leave the mp3 player recording and filter through my mp3 files after i drag and drop and then rename or edit them.  in general this unit is fantastic, small, cute, battery life is great and you can change out rechargables as your leisure instead of worrying about proprietarty batteries.  the menu knob is small if you have fat fingers.  fm radio sucks in general, but i used this when i was in puerto rico and did not want to listen to my files and found some great music.  the sports band is awesome if you want to work out.  the only negative is that if you are listening to a song and then go into another music folder to see what is in there, it will automatically play what you are looking at.  what can you expect - cheaper and more usable functions than a nano, and if you want to record satallite radio without spending on a portable recordable unit...then this is your best bet.  ', 'i loved this ipod soooo0o0o much. it was amazing in every possible way. that was until i went to whipe the fingerprints off with my shirt. my shirt scratched hte surface!! the finish on this ipod is so soft that clothing will scratch it. and then i jsut thought, "screw it, it\'ll jsut be scratched up" but then after jstu a normal day at school ,being very cautious with it, the screen cracked. i have no i dea how. the screen is sooo0o0o weak.  in conclusion, this is an amazing product, so by all means buy it. but pleeasseeeee buy a very strong case for it. and keep the p[lastic film 0o0n the surface when it comes!  ', "it was between this and the mini yepp player.  no matter how small the other one was the final decision came from having 512 ram.  the player is quite intuitive but switching from player to radio can be a hassle.  i have fairly ok eyes and i don't mind the small screen but it does take certain attention to switch between and i can't do it while driving.  the design itself is pretty good.  comes with a arm strap and a rubber case with a plastic clip that firmly locks onto the strap.  i keep mine in the rubber case cuz serves as a protective item and actually it's easier to grab/use it.  the size of the player is small enough to still hide in my hands even with the rubber case.  ", 'many of the negatives written about the zen are true.  it does lock up (esp if you try to scroll too fast), you do have to install software on your computer and learn how to use it (duh), and it\'s not quite as sexy as the brand name ipod, but i think for it\'s particular market niche it is a good little player and stands up well against the apple products.  i for one love my little zen.  (note: resetting the zen is easy, installing/learning the software was not difficult, and for the $200+ price tag of an ipod, i can live with the loss of prestige).       the keyword here is "little".   it is truly small (about the size of my car alarm remote) and of negligible weight, so i can comfortably and securely wear it around my neck like a necklace without special cases, pouches, armbands, or pockets built into my jacket or backpack (though all of these accessories are available for those that feel a need for them).  because of this compact, lightweight design, i tend to carry ("wear") my zen more often than other players and so it has become my favourite.     secondly, the fact that it is inexpensive (i won\'t say "cheap") is actually a big plus for me because i am not constantly afraid of damaging it as i would be a more expensive player.   i tend to "wear" my zen through some rugged use (workouts, hiking, traveling, skiing, etc) and it has held up perfectly so far (!), but i am not over-worried about it.  i don\'t use mine for audio books, so i can\'t speak to the "bookmarking" problem.  i mainly enjoy a large collection of my favourite music which can be nicely categorized into handy playlists, like an energetic workout list, a mellow relaxing list, by music genre, by artist, or even play an entire "album" in it\'s original order.  i love this feature because i can rock out when i want to, or play some quiet background pop when my mom is in the car... lol.  the zen has brought a lot of additional joy to my life, hearing my favourite music, esp when sitting around waiting or traveling long distances.  battery life is impressive.  i\'ve gone on entire 3-day weekend trips without it quitting on me.  it charges from any usb port (cord included) and has an optional car adapter (an after market necessity).     with a few minor accessories (a usb power cord, a car power adapter cord, a car "cassette" adapter, a protective silicone shell, waterproof earbuds), i have tricked my zen out to fit very well into my life and my uses.  perhaps i am just not a demanding customer, but i think that the zen is a very nice little player for an excellent price.  i am very happy with mine and i would confidentally recommend it.  ', "i don't have anything to compare this to because it's my first mp3 player.  however, i am surprised at just how much i love it.  it is so easy to use and very small and light so it can fit in your pocket.  it was extremely easy to download the music and figure out how to organize music folders.  it holds just about what is advertised which is approximately 200 - 250 songs.  however, i am sure the length of each song will determine how many can actually fit on this mp3 player.  the price was great - $50.  if you are a person who loves the radio, then get the nano plus.  otherwise, this is a great player for someone who wants ease of use and does not have more than 250 songs in their collection of favorite music.  ", "i don't understand why everyone is complaining this is awesome, i think it sounds very crisp. it has not frozen on me i think  that everyone is going to have something bad to say about everything, but i think it is great. i use it to go jogging and it has never skipped. its just great.  ", 'i got this player as a gift.  sony requires me to install the sonic forge software in order to use the music player.  my mp3 files were transferred ok, but some of them do not play on the music player.  no explainations were issued, except a "no play" message.  no mp4 files support either, which means music downloaded from apple music store are not playable.  ', 'i have to say i was a little leary when i read the reviews of how bad the software was for this product.  then i read farther and found out that on the sony site they have a link to put a better version of software on the player.  so, i bought the mp3 player and let me tell you.  the battery lasts forever.  i dloaded the software.  moved the songs by dragging and dropping.  and my daughter has loved every minute of it.  not one single problem.  all this plus a neat screen.  i cannot beat the price.  oh, by the way, i hate ipod anything.  ', "although this mp3 is o.k, it has several major flaws, such as it's constant freezing and not playing certain tracks.i bought this with my chrimstmas money i got from relatives ect, but, within the first month, it broke and had to be repaired for 6 months!i no they do this from time to time, but that is just ridiculus!the download software is o.k to put on your computer, but recently when i ahev used to software, it has frozen up and will not put any tracks on for me!also, it never deletes my music library when i ask it too. it just stays there.overall, not a very good effort from the people i would of expected to do quite well in this feild.the reason why i have given this a four star beacuase  it did eventualy unfreeze, but still a poor effort.  ", "i got an ipod mini as a gift from my parents for my birthday almost 2 years ago. i have had to have the  apple store replace it with a new one twice. the first one that i got wouldn't turn on at all. the second one, the wheel wouldn't stay locked, then it wouldn't hold a charge, and by the time i brought back to the store it was completely spazzing. the third and most recent replacement mini that they gave me had been working fine but as i was using it, all of a sudden the screen faded so now the screen is useless. the people at the apple store told me that they had never seen this happen before and had no idea why it happened. its not under warranty anymore and they told me that the only thing i could do  would be to send it to an online repair shop or basically use it as an ipod shuffle. i never dropped any of the ipods, they never got wet, there is no rhyme or reason (even the mac genius' couldn't figure out why this has happened) for why i have had 3 of them not work. this ipod mini has been nothing but a hassle for the past 2 years, please save yourself the time, effort, and money. i wish someone had warned me.  ", "i would highly recommend this player as an alternative to an ipod.  it's much cheaper, is easy to use, and is small. i wasn't looking for an mp3 player to do my dishes, laundry, and cook for me like many of you who post reviews on this product seem to want.  this player holds hundreds of songs(who needs more on at a time?), and plays a high quality sound.  ", "well...i know i would regret it and i did. i got myself a zune and it's going back tomorrow. i wanted to like the zune because i think apple needs a nemisis. (competition is good as the saying goes) but, the product feels like a prototype. i placed the zune next to my ipod. the ipod looks sleek and elegant and the zune looks like it's ugly cousin. it's bigger, heavier and chunky.   ok! so it has wireless but so what. how many zune are you going to find out there. let's say you want to use it to tape a lecture or a meeting and you want to pass it along with your zune buddy. well that lecture or anything you created also dies in 3 play or 3 days. and let's say you play 30 seconds of the song and decide to stop, well counts as 1 play.   the big screen...well the screen is bigger but the resolution is the same. the test shot i did didn't look good and the album covers look fuzzier and not as crisp as it did not ipod.   13 hour battery life is not true. if you want 13 hour battery life you have to listen to in default volume and play the same album over and over and turn off the wireless.   it may have an ok interface and the guest sync is good but if you are in the market for a mp3 player, don't go for the zune. while it has feature ipod doesn't you won't be sharing anything with anybody because they are not going to be popular. there aren't that many songs, the marketplace doesn't have podcast, tv shows, video and host of other things you can get from itunes.   in short if you really want a ms product wait for the 4th generation and maybe then you should get it.   ", 'got the 2gb clix ($135) in dec 2006 for my 14-year-old teen.  the screen is very small and it is very easy to use. it is a nice mp3 and video (avi) player and very cool with lots of features like flash games, nice fm radio, alarm clock etc. a few days after the 1-year warranty passed, it suddenly stopped showing up as a flash drive when connected to a pc. the support person said he works for a third party service and that this problem is common... if this had happened a few days ago, i would have been able to send it for repair. unfortunately, while trying to troubleshoot the problem, i formatted the device so all we can do with it now is listen to radio...   ', "it holds a lot of information/books etc, and therefore makes a great reference if you are a professional, travel, etc.  also, it is quite good at finding access to the internet.  unfortunately, i didn't heed the warnings of others.  it's hard drive has broken after 6 months of use.  now its a great paper weight!  ", 'i got mine alittle over a week ago directly from apple.  (sorry amazon, but it\'s the same price, + free laser engraving & shipping)  i had bought the ipod 60gb photo for about a week, but as soon as i saw these new ones coming out, i sold the photo on ebay and bought the 60gb video in black.  i got the new one for 3 main reasons:  1: the ipod is finally in black!  2: it\'s thinner = more portability.  3: yes, it plays video.  now these reasons are listed in order.  i didn\'t get this new one just for the video.  i got it as a music player first and a video player second (or third).         first off, since it\'s the new feature, lets talk about the video.  the video quality is excellent!  (considering that the screen is only 320x240 pixel)  i say this from putting my own videos on it, meaning videos that weren\'t downloaded from itunes.  $1.99 isn\'t too bad a price for a music video or an episode of a tv series, but at the same time, most of the music videos and tv series episodes they offer aren\'t everybodies can of beer!  (i don\'t care for lost and especially desperate housewives...unless the 4 women did the show nude!)  all i did was rip the dvd of a tv series or whatever i want, then transcode it into a format that the ipod can read, and presto!  now i know while your reading this your thinking, "if i get this ipod, how can i put my favorite stuff on it the way this guy is talking about?"  no problem, i\'ll tell you!         first, if you want to get a movie or a tv show off a dvd, chances are it\'s probably css encrypted.  (pretty much any movie or tv series dvd you buy at any store)  to rip these type of dvd\'s into a video file, you\'ll have to get a dvd ripping program that can decrypt css.  you can find a number of them online for free or cost alittle $ to download.  my experience, most of the freeware ones can\'t rip any decent quality video, so you\'ll probably have to shell out afew bucks to get a decent one.  i had already downloaded one called aoa dvd ripper afew months ago for about $25 or $30.  (do a google or yahoo search to find the site)  it does a really good job of ripping the dvd\'s and the video/audio quality is great.  (especially using the divx 6 codec)  next, you\'ll need to transcode the video file into a format the ipod can read.  (go to apple\'s website for video specifications)  i already had quicktime 7 pro, which comes with a setting to save videos it can open to the proper format.  i tried using it; it took an hour just to convert 5% of the video!  it was only a 22 minute video!  way too long a conversion time!  (would have taken almost a day!)  so i went searching online for another program that would do this faster.  i found a freeware program called videora ipod converter.  (again, do a yahoo search to find the download site)  it comes with a number of options and it does a great (and fast) job of converting the video to the right format.  tip: when using this program, only certain video settings can be used for the converted video to work on the ipod.  check the forum of the website you download this program from to see what other settings people have tried to get it working.  it may seem like a lot of trouble, but if you want to be able to watch certain videos, it isn\'t that bad once you get everything set up.  (it only took me a total of 30 minutes to put an episode of chappelle show on my ipod using the process i described above!)      now that the video is out of the way...the sound of the ipod is excellent.  i read somewhere that they also fixed 3 minor sound bugs that were present in the earlier versions of ipod.  (another bonus)  overall, there isn\'t too much more new about the new ipod besides what i talked about.  one drawback that people have mentioned, but hasn\'t affected me; the 4 prong connection that was on top next to the headphone jack is gone.  so if you already have ipod accessories that use them, tough luck, they won\'t work on the new one.  they\'ll be coming out with accessories to replace the older ones sometime though that exclusively use the dock connector on the bottom.  (already have in some cases)  also, if you don\'t like using itunes to transfer music to your ipod, there\'s a program out there called anapod made by red chair software.  it integrates into windows explorer and just drag and drop!  has a lot of cool/handy features, and they just put a new version out that supports the new ipod!  (namely transferring video)  it costs about $25 -$30 depending on which version you get.  well worth it though, i think.  hope this review helped you out!          ', 'i purchased this device about 6 months ago for one thing:  recording.  you can plug any music source into the jack and record for up to 3 hours at 320k.  i dabble in djing and i can take an rca to stereo mini y-plug directly from the mixer into the t30, bypass the computer, bypass any other interference and it sounds great.  once the recording is finished, plug in the usb and use the explorer to drag-n-drop the files onto the computer.   i can also delte files from the player using explorer.  nothing could be easier.   the only problem i have is that it sucks the life out of batteries very quickly.  i highly recommend rechargeables.    as for the other stuff, i wouldnt use it as my regular mp3 player because it is very small, the buttons are not that intuitive, and 512 mb is really nothing to get excited about.  spend a few more dollars and get more storage.   ', "i've had my unit for about one year.  it's still going strong with no technical issues or problems charging the battery.  because it's a hard drive unit, i would not drop it though.  this device kicks any ipods butt (making video ipods a joke) and for dish newtwork users, it rivals any video unit including the iphone as far as video options. very few pmds have the screen resolution of this unit either.  those of you who have a dish network dvr will love this unit. all your standard definition tv recordings on your dish dvr can be transfered to your unit 15x faster than playback time.  instead of taking an hour to record an hour show into your unit, you can tansfer an hour show to your unit in only 5 minutes or less using your usb port.  i love using my dish dvr to record new movies from hbo/showtime, etc.  you can also record sirius radio stations (i auto record sirius bests 36 for 2 hours nightly) to your dish dvr and transfer it to your unit.  that's new sirius music mixes everyday plus your own cd collection.  to my knowledge, these units are the only pmd that connects to a dvr unit through it's usb port.  this unit is the mid-sized unit.  it truly is a pocket dish in that it will fit in you pocket while still providing a large view screen.  the larger unit offers a bigger picture, but will not fit in a pocket, making it a little less portable.  the smaller size is portable, but with less view screen.  ", "i bought this player 5 months ago and i am more than satisfied with its performance. it is packed with many features ans is till now the only mp3 player in the market that broadcasts to radio. apart from that it has a long battery life of atleat 11 hours on a single charge and is rechargable vis a usb port of a pc or laptop.   i like it's sleek and stylish look, and is comparitively smaller than most older players in the market. although size does matter to me, this size of this player seems perfect to me.   the sound quality is quite good and there are no dips, or distortions when playing music on a high volume.   thge only down side to this player is the built in radio, the receiver is not too strong and so the radio signals are sometimes very weak, even if you are indoors.   i would highly recommed this player to anyone wanting to buy a mid range feature rich player or is a first time mp3 player buyer.  ", 'i have two of the 605 30gb and the dvr recorder.  they work great except if you wish to use the dvr recorder in combination with a motorola cable box - then the dvr does not work as described.  this is a known problem discussed on other sites.  ', "i just got one! it's just awesome on video playback, awesome! my friend insist that i should compare it with psp, but here is my point: it's about two third thickness of old 60g, and it has 2.5 inch screen, it play awesome video. what else you want from an ipod?! to be honest, i gotta say that the video playback even clearer than most computer screen. no block at all!  but there are several thing to remind you, there is no power adapter in case, and they trade off a like-leather case. check the size of the new ipod, i don't think any solid old ipod case fits perfectly.  new ipod has screen lock function, like chubb lock. that's interesting! since i just got it less than 2 hours, i can't give more information about the battery or other new functions. but, no doubt, it fullfills me really well. take it, it will never turn you down!  ", 'alright. first off, im a freshman in highsckool and i was lookin for a mp3 player for a very long time. what i wanted in a player was: color screen good sound quality friendly userface something that noone on the subway has decent batterylife  im tellin it front-up. i didnt want an ipod. because everyone had it and i didndt find it sepcical. i also needed to buy a player in the price range of anything less than 250; i didnt want to spend all my money on an mp3 player and in a couple of months some really flashy multimedia thing with the best screen or soemthign like that comes into the market. so i decided to buy the gmini 402. what caught my attention was: color screen video playback nice screen userface good music transefer (no itunes, wateva juss drag and drop) very compact noone else in my skool had it very good reviews (from amazon, etc)  with that out of the way my real opinions on this player follows:  music: archos really did a good job making this a music player. this player is actually very small, but the layout of this player makes it easy to go thorught music. the only thing though, is that the up and down scroll is pretty slow compared to any touch-interface, f.e ipod, iriver, creative... etc. the sound quaility is great, and the player automaticllay divides the music songs into title, album, artist, playlist, year. it also has a "browse hard drive" folder, which brings you to just looking at the folders of how you put your music in drag and drop. i think the volume goes very loud, no eq, but the bass booster and stuff are decent. also shuffle, intro, repeat, folder repeat, etc. all the basics. and it shows album art too (not jpeg album art, some wierd file. if you want to put album art, go to www.gmini400.com and go to thier album art tuturial.  video. this is the main function i use. drawback: this screen is incredibally small. and thats why i gave it a 4. no matter how i look at it, the screen is small. i would like at least a 2.5 inch scren (.3 inches makes a big difference measuirin diagnolly). but this video playback is great. even though u can only put divx and avi, i found a lot of sotwares that can convert my moives and dvds to put on my gmini. but  if you do not know how to operate video edditing and converting software, do not buy this player. it took me a month to figure out what im doing. however, you can buy those "easy solution converters" for around 10 -30 dollars. but i dont have a creidt card and i dont want to spend money, so i downloaded beta software or software from uknonw sites. i have over 10 softwares just to convrert my videos. a seruis pain in the butt. each video takes around real time, if it is 1 hour, takes 1 hour. if you dont know what your doing, and you dont want to spend money on easy conversion softwares, i suggest you buy another video player with more supported codecs. the video browsing is very nice though. two pane broswer, thumb nails on the right. file name on the left. get some pictures of the gui from www.dapreview.com and go to thier galleris. clikk on archos, and look at the av400 one. its the colosest to the gmini402. video playback is very sharp, no dropped frames, and can change the vdieo into 4:3, 16:9, full sscreen, and auto. very nice  photos.  i dont use this a lot. partly becuase u cant listen to music while you look at photos. and i find it borin to look tat them. the only reason i use this feature is to set up my a nice wallpaper of a comic book figure or nice scenery. could be 1, 4 or 9 thumbnails. the browser is same as the video, thumbnail on the right and filename on the left. refresh rate is decent, not too fast.   games. these games suck. and all of them are demos. mophun engine is very useslss. if you do want to play games however, buy a gmini400. i heard they have a lot of emulators and hacks and watever. you can play sonice and i eaven heard of doom. but these games really suck  audiocorder this feature is really really hot. my friends like to fool around and freestlye sometimes. and we got mad instrumentlas on my player. so we play the instrumentals on thier computer (trsanfer with usb to computer), and play the instrumentals. i record all thier raps, and it is so clear. very nice feature. one time i recroded myself and i heard a girl halfway across the room. very nice. you can also purchus a microphoen but im not a seruis musician.  batterylife this batterylife is alright. i usually charge it once a day, after i get home. i take the subway to scool, 2 hour ride round trip. i listen at lunch, and sometimes in some periods when the teachers dont care. so about 4 hours. i have only 1 or 2 bars off (out of 4)  screen this is the only part of the player i really disklike. its the sharpest screen, very nice, but a bit small. its perfect for some 15 minute viewiing of a freestlye or a dancing clip or several music videso, but if you watch a whole movie, your eyes are going to hurt.   usb host i only used this thing 2 times, and it took a while to trasnefr. first time was from my cannon camera to the gmini. theres a special cable you have to carry around if you think ull be transefering stuff. it took me about 1 minute transfering 5-8 pictures. the good thing though, is i stole some of my friends music from his mp3 player. plugged it in, and took all his songs.   conclusion overall, very nice player, tons of features. sum it up, video, music, audio, and photo are all good. the screen is sharp but small, player is very small, definley fit into your pocket. batterlife is decent. i hope this review helped you guys. i decided to write one because reviews helpe dme decide to get this. i have some regrets now, but if you always think not to buy anythin, and wait for something better to come out, ur never goin to buy anything.   ', "i bought this based on reviews here and elsewhere.  i can justify the cost because the unit accepts an external micorphone-- something i need since i do a lot of interviewing.  the voice recording quality is excellent.  not quite as good as my sony md recorder but then i don't have to up load my files in real time.  but for music... this is a very weak player.  i tested with four different kinds of head phones including the supplied ear buds.  no matter how i adjusted the sound controls the tone is either flat or excessively tinny to the point that it hurts.  for $195 with tax this is probably going to go back to the store.  i'll try the iriver next.    ", 'very happy with the product so far and it looks like a new mp3 player. i am pleased with your service.  ', "file transfer rate is at least five times slower than equivalently-priced sansa m240. muvo v100 is full-speed (actually usb 1.1) not hi-speed (true usb 2.0). at creative's site there are three pages of customer complaints about the muvo v100 slow file transfer rate. no fix is currently available, though creative customer service sends customers on a firmware-download wild goose chase and neglects to mention that the snail-like transfer rate is a well-documented problem. also, the player's wheel, which needs to be turned and pushed, is an annoying gimmick. finally, sound for playing audio books is indifferent. stick to sansa, the only problem with which, if you lose your place in an audio book, is a slow fast forward.   ", "this is a great, simple mp3 player.  i don't mean simple as in it's features because it has some that an ipod doesn't have, but simple as in easy to use.  it took me 5 minutes to download the software, get it hooked up and started ripping cds. i am a busy parent and to me, i-tunes is just way too much work.  with this, you put in a cd, push a button on the docking cradle and that's it, it does the rest.    ", "i've only had this product for...maybe a month, and so far it has worked fine. i do think i have to reset it more than usual when i'm trying to turn it on, which i find weird. basically, sometimes it won't turn on when i press the play button. i usually listen to it at night, and fall asleep before the playlist ends, and when i try to turn it on the next day, i have to do the 'reset' procedure. maybe i'm just not used to the little quirks of an ipod? battery life has been decent, since i use my ipod practically everyday, i do have to charge it every night or so, but i knew about battery life expectations when i was looking for an ipod. i bought a case for it, because i wanted to protect the ipod (since i use it on a regular basis). other than these 2 things (battery and reset), the ipod has worked software-wise when i have to plug it into my computer. it has lived up to my expectations for an ipod.   ", 'excellent product, only had it for a couple of days tough (ipod video released and had to get one :p )  ', "i first bought a creative zen nano a couple of years ago.  i loved it so well, i bought my husband one for christmas this past year.  mine locked up then died about a week ago.  i went to buy another one, but the store was out.  i tried an apple shuffle.  hated it!  so, i took it back and got the creative zen v.  it is very nice.  it has a lot more features than the nano, plus it holds pictures and comes with a lanyard.  it will hold about 500 songs...way more than i really need.  however, in order to learn about all the features, you will have to look up the user guide under your start menu as the little book it comes with doesn't have a lot of info.  i didn't have any problems transferring my music or pictures...  ", "i bought this elsewhere for much cheaper, so do your homework. amazon prices don't seem as competitive as they once were! anyway, on with the review. i think this unit sounds fantastic. the headphones really work well for me. they fit my ears well and sound full and robust. i have a pair of sennheiser ear buds (mx500) and a sennheiser headset (can't find the model number) and they do not sound as good as the included earbuds. this is a pleasant surprise as i expected the included phones to not fit well and sound poor. so that is good. earbuds seem to be a very individual thing. in any case, i want to get a new set of headphones, perhaps the sennheiser px100s... overall i find earbuds dainty and difficulty to store well (there is no case for the included earbuds, i use my mx500 case...)  i find the software to be completely usable. i do not use it to rip unless my eac/lame setup cannot handle one of my cds, then the mediasource software usually handles things just fine, which i find interesting. one thing for sure is that files upload very quickly to the player and it is so easy to sync your pc music collection to the player (or vice versa). i especially like the media sniffer aspect of mediasource which scans the directories you point it to for new additions to add to the collection... very handy!  i would give the player five stars, but: i do wish creative had included a remote. also, the case is just crappy and doesn't clamp well to my belt or jeans pocket. i usually put the player in a pocket. get used to using the player lock button as the random button for some reason seems to get pressed a lot for no reason....   as for the controversial touch strip, i find it to be okay. yes, it is sensitive, but i find that i am getting better. initially i was terrible, but incrementally and slowly i am seeing improvement. i turned the tap feature on the touchpad off.  the buttons are useful, except for the random one, which is just plain dumb... no one must have tested this in design phase.  overall, this is a great player. comparatively cheap, well designed, and fabulous sound. works perfectly well for me. i have had it for about 3 weeks now and have been listening and using it a lot!  ", 'until sony ditches their proprietary atrac format stay away....stay very far away!  ', 'excellent value.handles and works well for audio books, lots of storage space for many books and lots of music.  ', 'i purchased this product as a christmas present for my daughter.  within a month after christmas the battery failed to charge.  i contacted archos and had to return the unit and not just the battery.  i was also informed that i would probably not get the same unit back.  i received a different unit that contained the previous owners recordings.  this took approximately 2.5 weeks.  ten days after receiving the refurbished unit back, the hard drive failed.  i contacted customer support and requested that i receive a new unit and not a refurbished one.  i was informed that that was probably not possible.  i find this pretty poor support for a product with a price tag as high as this.  because i am beyond the 30 day return period from amazon i have no choice but to work with archos.  i would not recommend this product or any archos product for that matter and would warn future customers to purchase a different brand.  ', 'loved everything about this product, until i paid out my cash for it.  after only using it for a few weeks it must have took some sort of knock in my coat pocket (yeah, yeah, my own fault, yada, yada).  it\'s not like i was rough with it or anything but the device developed the "click of death".  so it is no longer "bootable".  to be honest if the fundamental drive aspect of this device is that it is so vulnerable to shocks then i see no reason to trust my "life" to it.  yet another gadget in the gadget drawer of history.    ', 'i\'ve purchesed this item little more than a week ago (mostly because it was cheap). i have to say it works great, and even though everyone said not to use the software it comes with, i gave it a try. i don\'t know why people don\'t like it, it\'s very simple and easy to use. i\'m not a comp. wiz, and still i set up the whole thing in no time with my fav music-also with the 5 free downloads it comes with, too. so for this cheap, it\'s a great deal. the earpiece of course is useless, but i\'ve got great ones also from sony, so didn\'t care. so thanx etronic!   <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0008jfcvu/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/104-3686616-6018308">sony nw-e505 network walkman 512 mb digital music player with fm tuner pink</a>  ', 'i have purchased several coby products the last couple of years and have no issues with any of them.  i bought a coby mp-c781 in november and it died last week.  i emailed tech support and got a caned response 4 days later.  the email said to reload the firmware and gave a link to the site. no firmware on the site. so i called support. took 3 number to find one that worked.  they told me there was no firmware for the unit and i would have to mail it back to them with a $6 money order. they had no answer when i asked why the email said to reload firmware even though there is no firmware on the website.   i had a similar problem with a sandisk unit and they only required me to send the unit back and did not give me any hassle and they were very responsive on their customer support emails.  i will never buy another coby product again because of their bad customer support.   ', "i purchased the h340 last week.  every piece of literature i read said the h340 plays wav files.  even the box it came in says it plays wav files.  it doesn't!!!!  i'm an audiofile and store my cd collection on my pc in wav format.  i was hoping i could simply copy these files to the h340.  since it doesn't play wav files (yet anyway, maybe a future firmware upgrade will add this functionality), i've spent hours ripping my cds to mp3 files at 256 kbps.  amazon.com offered to let me return the unit since the literature was misleading.  i've not yet decided though.  i do like that it includes a fm tuner, picture viewer, and color display, all for less than the price of a 40 gb ipod.  ", 'no fm is built in. furthermore, in order to change the battery you have to send the product to service, which binds you to the company with additional battery change costs.  i also found the menus complicated. you can check cnet for a detailed review. if you stil want to purchase, purchase the zen v plus which includes radio.  ', "got this for my son this christmas. he likes it but finds it too bulky and no way near as easy to operate as his cousins ipod video. he's swithcing to the ipod as soon as he sells the creative. i must say that the video on the creative is very good looking. sharper than on apples ipod. but keep in mind that the zen is a portable videodevice and the ipod is a mp3 player with videocapabilities. it's not a video ipod. maybe something will incarnate at macworld !  ", 'this is the ipod ever and i love it but apple has missed one of the most important add on the fm radio maybe they could put satellite but just radio would be fine.   ', "i bought this player last week and frankly i love each and every aspect of this player. it's amazing how so many features have been packed on to this small device - from a voice recorder to picture viewer - this mp3 player is truly an ipod killer.   ", "once again, sony delivers marvelous hardware with marginal software (see also their line of digital cameras that lacks windows 2000 support). this player, the physical unit itself, is excellent: conveniently small, well-styled and lightweight, with a nice display for a small device. the sound quality is excellent (good bass!). for the price, a 128meg memory stick would have been nice. i haven't personally purchased a second memory stick yet, but potential buyers should be aware that they can be a bit expensive and hard to find (see the other reviews). overall, however, i like the hardware and have no serious complaints.<br><br> the software is another matter entirely. i expected that it would be fairly straightforward to add and remove songs with this device: i assumed that when the player was attached with a usb cable, windows would simply recognize it as an extra drive, with normal copy/delete functionality. unfortunately, this is not the case. the only way sony allows the user to interact with the player is through a software package called openmg jukebox. this jukebox not only plays songs and maintains playlists, but it also &quot;optimizes&quot; songs in different music formats for use on the player. &quot;optimize&quot; is a misnomer here, as it implies that the operation is an optional way to improve performance (maximize storage, increase sound quality, etc), whereas in reality only music &quot;optimized&quot; to sony's proprietary format works on the player.<br><br> since the vast majority of users maintain their digital music collections in mp3 format, this creates quite a dilemma. either the user 1) stays with mp3 and converts songs &quot;on the fly&quot; to omg, sony's format, as he puts them on the player (this greatly increases the time needed to copy songs to the player) or the user 2) maintains two copies of all his songs, one in mp3 and one in omg (this obviously consumes drive space rather quickly) or the user 3) converts all his music to omg, and is forced to use openmg (rather than the mp3 player of his choice) to listen to it. none of these options is particularly appealing.<br><br> i am torn on the &quot;final verdict&quot; for this product. the hardware easily deserves five stars. as for the software, i sympathize with sony's desire to fight music piracy (though i think their motives are probably more financial than moral). however, i believe that the protections put in place through the use of their proprietary format do far more to mar an otherwise excellent piece of hardware than they do to prevent piracy. anyone determined to pirate music can still do so, at the cost of a little extra disk space or a few more minutes, and those users who, for instance, only have mp3's ripped from their own cd's (which does not constitute piracy) are still forced to accept the inefficiencies inherent in any proprietary format. in the end, sony's software only succeeds in causing music pirates a minor inconvenience, at the cost of giving all their users headaches. so sadly, i must give this well-designed product a rating far lower than it deserves.  ", 'i very much like this product because battery life is good, very easy to transfer songs and easy to navigate.  ', 'i needed an mp3 player that would allow picture storage especially during travel. my wife takes a lot of pictures. the concept of wolverine seemed great. no propriatory software, direct download from multiple card formats, music player, video etc. when i received it i was definitely disappointed with the size. it is a brick!!!!!. they do not offer any decent carrying cases that would allow easy access while walking etc and protect it at the same time, like some cases for the ipod. the only one on their accessory list is very unappealing. these are minor things. i ordered mine from costco. it took 2 weeks to arrive and did not work. after an hour with a support representative (very good and patient) we could not make my two different computers recognize the device. they offered to send me a replacement one but i declined. i am not sure we started off on the right foot. i hope they make some adjustments in the size and software. i may give it a second chance some time in the future. for now i got a phillips gogear 8gb for music, radio while jogging and we will continue to use our old portable cd burner to transfer photos. by the way gogear is great and beats comparable ipods hands down as far as both price and features.  ', 'this is a great product in terms of price and ease, and better than the ipod shuffle, i might add. the price is very affordable. it is very easy to use, just plug and play, the person does not even need a software.... it acts as an external drive.  moreover, it tops the ipod shuffle because it has an fm, fm recorder and voice recorder. i read somewhere that this product does not have a shuffle feature. well, i beg to differ, just go to the play mode and select shuffle once, then it would shuffle all the music folders saved.  with all the assertions above, it is viable to say that this is a great product.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ', "i love my ipod and itunes, and simply can not see why people dislike itunes.  a previous reviewer said that they couldn't transfer songs from another computer.  bull.  just right click on the ipod, and change it to manual synchronization.  even if you don't like itunes, there are many other applications, such as ipod agent, that can transfer music (and more) to your ipod that are available online for free.  especially with the new price, ipods rock!  ", "i've had my nano for a week and a half now and am loving it.  it is so tiny that i can carry it in my wallet - but it is still sized well to hold comfortably in the hand.  the sound quality and output is excelent.  the black does show fingerprints and scratches easily, but it just looks way to cool.  it is comfortable to use and the screen (though slightly smaller than the other ipods) is very crisp and easy to read.  navigation with the clickwheel is just as easy as the larger ipods.  and i actually like the headphone port on the bottom better than on top (and i don't use a lanyard) - it just makes more sense-it takes some getting use to, but once you do, you'll love it just as much as you like everything else about the nano.  this thing is super durable and you don't need to worry about breaking it.  some complain about the price, but really, it is an excellent buy - you're paying for:  4gb of flash storage (the 1st flash player anywhere near that much storage), the tiny size, the color screen, and the flatout beauty of this thing.  no other player comes even close.  just buy it!  ", 'i like this product very much but wanna make shure that is re-chargable like dell dj ditty.   ', 'nice memory hard to push some buttons tons of functionality (fm radio, fm radio record, heart rate monitor, etc.)   ', "this is my first mp3 player, and i mainly got for listening to audio books and lectures. it plays well and has a long battery life. i haven't had any problems with the device.  the things i don't like are the ear pieces, which are definitely too big, and the fact that it is hard to navigate through the different audio files on the player. and, for some reason, when i download a book consisting of several chapters, it jumbles up the chapters on the player. i need to go back and put them in order with the firmware before detaching it from the pc, so if i forget to do it and take off with my player, i'm screwed as it would be very difficult to locate the chapters in sequence when i am away from my computer.   the above are little gripes that i can live with, ergo the 4 stars.  so, i'd recommend it. for the money, definitely worth it. hope this helps.   ", "i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift. what a disappointment. the software failed repeatedly. i couldn't load more than one song before the software crashed. creative labs customer support website is useless. software downloads on the site crashed my pc. creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this. don't buy this thing.  ", "its funny mario, because the exact same thing happened to me. i got this less than a year ago (i got it for christmas, it wasn't my choice of getting it), and about a month ago it stopped working, the screen just froze and the sound blew. lets see, it hasn't been the next christmas has it? that would make this almost useful for about 3/4 of a year, thats about 9 months....what a pathetic excuse of an ipod rip-off. the dell dj is even better than this, at least that doesn't freeze up every two weeks! the volume limit of this is way below that of an average cd player, so when i was trying to blare it to drown out the wigger music in homeroom, nobody heard it besides me! the ipod goes a lot louder than this crap! the sound quality is choppy, and takes the whole point out of the music. it also holds only a 1.8 gig of memory. i dont know about you, but the lengths of my songs can go from 4 minutes to as high as 20, so...thats only about just less than 500 songs...guess how many cd's i have. c'mon, do it! i have over 100! thats about at least 5000 minutes worth of songs, this cant even hold 3k! the ipod, and even the mini, are all 1000x better than this poser! avoid!  i'd give this negative stars if i could.  ", "while i'm a big fan of lexar's flash memory cards, this mp3 player is a very poor choice, even though its memory can be expanded via a larger-capacity sd card.  first of all, this player is thick.  companies like creative labs have thin and stylish mp3 players, but this lexar is thick and unstylish -- you have to see it in person to see what i mean.  it's not really butt-ugly like iriver players, but still very plain.  again, it's the thickness that unpleasantly surprised me.  second, sound quality is terrible.  the same mp3 files (encoded at 192kbps) that sound great on the ipod sound muffled and colorless on this lexar.  worse, there are occasional pop noises that are not present on the ipod or archos av320.  this is just terrible.  for this alone, i advise you stay away from this lexar product.  third, the buttons are hard to use (esp. when the player is in the cheap clear plastic case) and the screen is hard to see in most lighting situations.  this is simply one of the most user-unfriendly mp3 players i've come across.  fourth, yes it has built-in fm, but its reception is horrible.  my tiny $5 no-name am/fm radio gets clear reception here in the office, but the lexar gets nothing but statics.  i don't think this is because i got a lemon; from what i've read elsewhere, this is a common complaint.  in short, while i'll continue to buy lexar flash memory, i'll advise anyone not to even think about getting this mp3 player from them.  in fact, if you search on amazon you'll see their other mp3 players are no good, either.  ", 'purchased 3 for each of my daughters. product functioned fine for the download of music at first, however a few weeks after installing into the computer, we began to have problems. the program seems to have conflicts with our internet security, and thus must be disabled ever time we down load music. function and durability of the player unit seem fine.  ', 'i know this might not be the case for all of the rave products, but i think before buying, people should know of other expereces. when i got this player for christmas i was thrilled, sound wasnt the best but i was thrilled. but 2 months later the screen would no longer display the song information, or any other info. my friends did the exact same, and this was brought on by no fault of ours.    though rave was vary understanding, and gave us 100% of credit back for the player, and made it easy to return.  ', 'i got this because i was looking for a decent player to work out with.  because it only has 32 mb built in, i bought a 64 mb mmc.  the player worked great until i put the memory card in.  then when i tried to work it in both my computer and my parents, i was told there was no memory at all...when i brought it back to where i purchased it, they gave me a new one, and i tried a different brand of memory card-maybe that was the problem.  nope, once i formatted it, i was told once again there was no memory.  and when i tried to contact the company, i kept getting forwarded to different people, and just decided to scrap the whole thing, so i returned it all.  it was a lot more hassle than i wanted.  ', "great player for the first time buyer. it's tiny, and very cute. has all the basics. very nice price.  ", '<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ehcuiy/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-5202989-9565743">toshiba mes60vk gigabeat 60 gb portable media player (black)</a>  do not waste your money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  we purchased this for our daughter. used to love the toshiba line. i own their laptop, two high definition tv\'s, their high definition dvd player, and a regular dvd player.  so, when purchasing the gigabeat, i didn\'t hesitate.  well, the thing turned out to be a lemon. system failure, hard drive failure.  sent it out twice for repair, both times losing over 1200 songs my daughter paid for.  they told us if it happened a third time, even after the warranty expired, they would replace or refund our money.  guess what?  it just failed, and they said, tough luck, you\'re out of warranty.  by days mind you - not months, not years, just days it is out of the warranty period.  nice company, considering what faithful customers we are..  i will never purchase from, or recommend toshiba again, and i will take every opportunity i can to let every consumer know what their customer service is.  a joke.  i will be writing their corporate office also.  they are so non-consumer oriented, you cannot even send customer service an email at toshiba, nor can you speak to a supervisor.  you have to mail them!!!!!  yes mail, regular mail, like the post office, with a stamp.  hello!!!!!!! aren\'t they a technology company? no emails??????  what a huge disappointment toshiba.  shame on you.    ', 'got my ipod photo 60gb 1 week ago from [...] have been playing with it since.i love it. box contains: - ipod photo 60, ac adapter and usb cable for charging/connect. bought:  -ipod case - belkin sports skin($12.54) @ walmart store..cheapest at the best price...other cases with same silicone were ridiculously $29.99 and up...! - apple audio-video cable from apple store...(other cables dont work, tried it. bestbuy, target and circuitcity had not heard of this cable..can u believe it...bestbuy said 3 yrs. they have not heard it...take our audio cables instead...no video..anyway!). - apple camera connector @ amazon - car cassette adapter @ amazon (later found walmart has it cheaper!) - griffin ear jams @ amazon...(apple headphones are useless without this!...you need this!) hope this helps any one trying to decide on an mp3 player. and oh yes...no other mp3 player comes close to the simplicity and ease of use of ipod....researched a lot of mp3 players....the only close runner-up was toshiba gigabeat....but realized later that an ipod is after all an ipod... about podcasting and ipods - a combination made in heaven. all in all love it!.   ', 'i think this player works very well.  the sound is great!  it holds songs and photos! you can back up a digital camera to it if you want to get your files off the memory card, but don\'t have a computer!    i have few minor problems with this.  the first is that there does not seem to be a way to delete pictures from the player; you have to install the gigabeat room software and open the photo viewer to delete pictures.  very cumbersome, and this is not explained in the manual.  the second problem is that when you play in random mode, you cannot "reverse the track" to get any previous track played.  these are the only problems i have, otherwise i think this is a fine player.  you can bookmark, which i assume is for audio books, although i have not done this.  the graphics are wonderful.  i do not regret the decision to buy this player, and i am glad i have it!  ', 'very buggy interface.  screen flickers, loads in "chunks" and locks up frequently.  this is my second device, the first one died in three days.  screen went out and then the device wouldn\'t turn on.  amazon was great about sending a replacement, but i fear the problem wasn\'t just that i got a "lemon" it is the device in general.  ', "just got motivated to rave about this because i saw today in the consumer reports buying guide that the cowon pmp got top recommendation.  i returned a creative zen because it is too cumbersome to use and would duplicate files loaded on it, or lose them ... god knows why?  it also would not let me record fm from the device to the disk.  the cowon records fm radio, allows itself to be used as a hard disk. you can leave voice memos, listen to the fm radio, record radio. it is really nice and versatile.  it used many different formats ... i don't really use anything but mp3 at this time.  i have a slight complain about it on the sound quality, it is good, but not perfect, but might be better with better headphones.  the cowon should also come with some kind of case, and a little eyelet for hooking a lanyard to it for around the neck or something.  the mini joystick takes some getting used to ... but it is so much better than anything else i have seen, and 60gb is great ... i can put all my music on it and all my audio books which can be really compressed a lot.  it is light and easy to use and it does not mess with your file data or the names ... a very understanding and helpful product when other companies seem to be about locking you into a certain system or making sure you do not share high quality files with anyone else.  i give it a 5.  i recommend it over about any other like device.   ", 'great buy for the price! zen 1gig has a great user interface for music and if you have a windows media player 10.0 or newer it syncs up very easy. sound is better than my ipod clarity and bass response.  ', "update: after initially giving the 2nd gen nano 1 star because of the problems i was having, i am updating my review to 4 stars....but it won't let me!!  i still belive the 2nd gen nano to be of lesser quality than the first (click wheel quality, and lock out swith quality)...however, the combination of the 2nd gen firmware update and the software update to itunes 7 has fixed the problems i was having. i occasionally still have to reset my nano when playing through my alpine head unit in my car (never had to do that with my 1st gen).  and occasionally, itunes has a heck of a time when i go back and forth from 1 ipod to the other.... that said though, my experince has been good enough to now recommend a 2nd gen ipod to anyone.  now it is a good product!  old post: this is my second nano. after my first, i built my life around the ipod...i wondered how i lived without one for so long...i purchased all of the goodies...3 sets of headphones, 4 different types of cases from workout to casual, i upgraded my car stereo so it plugged directly into the alpine head unit, i purchased a 'remote' unit that plugs directly into my audio video controller at home...life was good.  then came the purchase of the 8gb 2nd gen nano...and all hell broke loose.  the 'data' has been 'corrupted' three times in as many weeks. and every time that happens you have to follow the 5 'r's that apple recommends, which basically wipes the memory on the unit and you have to reload all playlists.  the ipod itself, i have to reset on a weekly basis...my alpine head unit will all of a sudden not recognize the nano, until i reset it.  the 2nd gen nano has been very disappointing so far...  in addition, the 2nd gen nano, is slimmer and taller than the 1st gen...many accessories for the 1st gen (workout arm bands etc) won't fit the second gen nano...  note++++make darn sure, the accessory you are purchasing specifcally says it will fit a 2nd gen nano!!!++++buyer beware!  recommendation: i would purchase a 1st gen 4gb ipod nano since they are on sale, and wait for apple to get the bugs out of the 8 gb 2nd gen nano.  i have gone back to my 1st gen, and everything seems to be working just fine.  if it matters to you--the 1st gen nano battery life is 2.5-3 hours...whereas the 2nd gen nano is about 23 hours...  ", "it list good specs but i wouldn't know as it doesn't work with xp home and there are noe firmware updates/drivers for it.   the companies web site is pathetic with no forums or any way to give feedback.  it might make a good paper weight tho...  ", "not a review, i'll update when i get it, but these are the points that sold me: - calendar that can synch with ms office (contrary to other posts, the micro does have this functionality and it is actually better than the mini's functionality so long as you have outlook) - removable battery (ipod and rio carbon fall short) - more space than ipod mini - fm radio tuner - not stuck with itunes (i buy all my cds, i like to listen to a whole album) - looks nice, seems to have a good interface - bundeled with good software - best audio quality on the market for comperable players - creative's history in audio - my past experience with creative - did i mention the removable battery?  that's huge! - also much better battery life than the ipod mini.  on par with the carbon - voice/radio recording a +, but not a big one for me  ", "i'm a bike rider.  now i can put in my ear buds, put my mp3 player in my pocket and ride for hours without changing tapes or cd's.  the sound quality is equal to sitting in the theater.  thanks creative.  ", "i purchased my sansa express 1 gb six months ago. i am sending the unit back for the third time. they just keep dying and dying and dying. the first unit was the best - it worked for almost six weeks. initial problems with unit number one were related to software/firmware upgrades but by the sixth week it just quit working. this unit was not abused - it probably had a total of 20 hours actual playing time.   sansa support is relatively good but don't call them. when i first had problems i would call and talk to a tech but there was a significant language barrior. in one instance, the tech kept telling me to 'press the silver bullet...., press the silver bullet...' after a minute or two, i realized he was talking about the small, square metallic looking button on the front of the unit. after that, i strictly communicated by written message.   customer support is good but turnaround times are slow. first you have to get them to agree to a replacement. then you have to get a rma, ship the old unit back before they send a replacement unit. all together i've managed to use my sansa express (and replacements), maybe, 30 hours in six months. - if someone gives you a sansa express it is because they hate you. 'nuff said.  ", 'its just as i thought it would be and it seems flawless  ', "i've only had this mp3 player for a couple of hours and from what i have tried on it it works great. it had great song and is easy to work after you look over the manual a little bit. and it even comes with an energizer battery, not one of them no-name batteries that only work for a little while. and if you have a pc once you connect your player ir reconzes it so you can start adding songs one you set everything up.  i gave this mp3 player 5 stars becase this is my first mp3 player and i never had any expierence with them and after having it for about an hour i knew exactly how to use all of the features liek the fm radio and the microphone, which actually works pretty good. and not to forget how small it is compared to some of the other players i saw when i was shopping around for a resonable player.  its about the size of a lighter. the only bad thing is that the earphones are kinda big for my ears so its kind of irratiating when i have them in for a long time. but other than that i recommend that if you looking for a good mp3 player for under a hundred dollars and you want a good quality one, this would be the perfec choice.  ", 'i got this after reading some other reviews online. it is a no frills player. in the beginning, it was great, easy to navigate around and very lightweight. but after 1.5 years, the hard drive just flat out died. computer did not recognize it as a secondary harddrive anymore. i rarely used it except a couple times a week at the gym max, probably did not even use it for more than 50 hours. it was always protected in its case and never dropped.  i thought it was lame, i read of a lot of other reviews where the hitachi drive died. i thought it was ridiculous to have to spend 25 bucks to get it fixed because it was past the 90 day warranty. stay away from this player, there are plenty of other better ones with less problems.  ', 'i forgot to take this player out of my pants pocket before it went through the wash. i was crushed when i pulled it out of the washing machine. i let it dry out and plugged it into my computer to recharge. i surprised when it began to charge and i could see my files on the screen. i was delighted when an hour later it booted up and played my songs!  what a gadget!!  ', 'it is cool.  i use it for movies and the quality though not dvd quality is pretty good.  i like the thing and my hubby loves it.  i am satisfied.  ', 'i received my 4gb pink nano as a christmas present last year and so far so great!!!  i have no complaints at all.  my nano has withstood two teenage sons taking it from room to room, one 12 yr old daughter who goes horse riding listening to it and me, who takes it along to work and endures the bus ride home.  its always had a cover on it which i insist or they dont borrow it and for the longest time i kept the covering on the screen and dial but after 6 months my son removed them and still no scratches and this nano is in pockets, purses, backpacks and sometimes just lying around, its been dropped i  hate to say and still working like a charm.  we love this little gadget of technology and this christmas my 3 kids are getting their own so maybe mom can have hers back!!  i would recommend it!!!!  ', 'i rate this product ++ compared to shuffle. it has a very nice and sexy looking display. no need to say about music quality. earplug coming with this player is of cheap quality. would suggest for a better quality headfones.   ', 'wow after i read the comments on this website i am 110% glad that i returned my toshiba gigabeat today. its uncanny how i\'ve had the exact problems with the gigabeat. transferring audio is easy but keeping them on the device is very tough. when i tried to transfer a video windows media player, it would always get stuck in the converting process at 0%. after 2 hours and still at 0%, i disconnected the gigabeat. when i turned it on, it said "dumping information" on the screen. what did customer service say? turn of the battery for 3 min? bs! this occurs 2 more times after i did this. in addition to this, my battery would abnormally die even after a night\'s charge. a message would come up on the screen saying that "portable media center is very low on battery and will turn off soon". then there was an option to click ok, but the screen froze and the only remedy to this was to reset the battery and say goodbye to all ur content.   and what about video quality you ask? lol. it was so bad i thought my vhs had better qualities. due to the 65k color screen there were numerous color abnormalities on the screen. horrible night scenes due to lack to color transition made watching nighttime movies impossible to bear. plus the gigabeat virtually supports no video format. but what about wmv? no. it has no native support for any video file. even if you try to transfer a wmv file to the gigabeat you will need to convert it. worse, if you have an divx or xvid encrypted divx and try to convert it on the gigabeat frame-skipping occurs. atleast the viewing angles are great? wrong. if you watch a night scene on the gigabeat you will fund yourself turning the screen around.  why am i saying all of this? you\'ve probably read about these problems many times before this. i am just reitterating my problems just to show you how deceptive this product really is.  o sure you see a 8.3 in cnet, 9.2 on pcworld so it must be a great product. then you think it looks sexy and its not an ipod. the best deal! wrong. i was optimistic like this before i bought the gigabeat. companies and people wonder why many consumers are pessemisstic about products and seek to find anything wrong with it. i have learned that if you want to buy a product you must expect the worst from products.      bottom line: it depends on what you want. you want portability get an ipod. it has the same capacity, a thinner look, a sexier look and a whole lot more battery life. no fm tuner, but the tunner in gigabeat is garbage anyway. i have manual tuning radios that work better. you want quality and performance? get the creative zen vision: m. it has greater video support, divx 4,5, xvid, mpeg 2,4 and wmv. it has a bigger and better screen at 2.5 with 262,000 colors compared to the gigabeat\'s 62k. better fm tuner, and more features including calendar, contact list, screen keyboard for artist search, organizer, microphone and radio recording.   if there was a zero rating for this product i would rate it just that. i fully recommend that you do not buy it, and if you do then returning it will be the best day of your life.  ', "i've had this little beauty for about three weeks now and have been very pleased with the functionality of the video recording and playback on the device itself and onto tv monitors. but for mac or itunes users i've noticed two major inconveniences--most annoying, with audio file management.  video: for mac users, you may have to do a little research to find the best avi codec to be able to read your video files in quicktime or vlc.  if you have a pc, it's a synch because it actually comes with the software that directs you to the right codec, but that's not a good enough reason to make your main system a pc.  one mediocre codec can be found at divx.com, but it's not as stable as i'd like in qt.  audio: archos is designed to sync with windows media player.  why, i don't know, but for those of us who are used to itunes or even winamp (like on my unreliable sony vaio), managing and playing music is a bit of a pain.  the biggest ouch is that it won't play aav (mp4) music files, which means you would have to convert these to mp3--potentially time consuming.  secondly, i have been frustrated with trying to create multiple playlists on the archos.  it might do this automatically when synced with wmp, but it doesn't sync with itunes the way an ipod does, primarily in that it doesn't automatically create playlists.  i tried the plugin that archos provides for itunes and the dang thing read my external hard drive instead of the archos.  another really frustrating thing is that every time i want to make a new playlist from the music folder, i have to turn the bugger off for the previous playlist to go away.  just not inconvenient or intuitive!  in terms of music management, archos is no match at all for an ipod--if you're an itunes user.  i do still give this device 4 stars, though, because it's been loads of fun to do video work with.  ", 'this product from creative met and beat my expectations.  first the size, it was smaller than a credit card, then the ease of use and last but not the least the quality of the sound it produced.  i tried microphone recording which, even in an external out door setting with lots of other noise, was quite good. it is worth the money i spent on it.  ', "i have been a subscriber for 4 years.  back in november my account was turned off due to a billing issue. the week prior to it being turned off i started receiving 3 calls a day for payment.  i advised one of the reps to wait a week for the payment, payment was made.  calls stopped for another week.  the radio was then turned off and the 3 calls a day started up again.  i explained to the bill collectors i owed nothing and when offered to reactivate the radio i told them not to bother, at this point i wanted nothing more to do with xm.  they offered me 3 months of free service to come back, anyone who cancels can get this by the way, and i refused.  the 3 calls a day continued for the next week, i was informed that it simply takes a week for your name to fall out of their automated system....    2 more months go by and then i start receiving a bill saying that i reactivated my radio and owe for 2 months of service and all the late fees that go with that.  40 dollars.  i call in and state i never reactivated my radio, thus i don't owe for reactivating my radio and the 2 months of service that would have followed.  the customer service rep told me that it would be taken cared of, 2 weeks later i get another bill.  i call back and the rep tells me the same thing and apologizes for my inconveniences.  i even called back the next day just to make sure it was finally resolved, and that rep confirmed that i no longer owed anything.  so then last month i start receiving collections notices. you have one month to pay this before it goes to collections.  i called in and was promised they would look into it and call me back.  this apparently has taken care of the issue, though i never received the call back.  this week i called 6 times, 3 of which i was promptly hung up on for no reason, and was told each time that it had been resolved.  so hopefully this time it really is...  to anyone considering xm i suggest you just get an mp3 player.  ", "i loved this player.  i thought it was beautiful and it complemented my psp quite well.    but you know of course that sony had to mess it up.  have they not learned anything from the atrac only network walkman debacle of a few years ago?    see here is what has happened.  sony is composed of two companies.  media and engineers.  the engineers put out all the cool stuff like plasma tv's, psp, ps2 (ps3!), etc.  media puts out cool stuff like spiderman 1 & 2 and crouching tiger hidden dragon.  media side thinks everyone is a thief and makes the engineering side put all kinds of stupid restrictions on their hardware.  like on my psp i have to rename .mp4 movies to nv25349.mp4 and place them in a folder called nv0001.  music and pictures go in *gasp* the music and pictures folder!  anyway this isn't a psp review.  i got this mp3 player from amazon and i was so happy when i got it.  i immediately unpacked it, marveled and drooled at how beautiful it is, and hooked it up to my usb port on my computer.  i then tried to copy over mp3's.  alas that didn't work.  no i had to use this program that was really lame.  it is very restrictive on what you can copy over and, like a previous reviewer said, you have to authenticate to even pull your mp3's off!  it's my music sony.  i own all the cd's and you're treating me like i stole your baby's college fund.  come on and wise up.  you didn't get where you are today by restricting your customers and your own innovation.  this could be such an ipod killer but alas restrictive software (even moreso than itunes!) doesn't help me out.  i sold this player on ebay for more than i bought it for anyway.  ", 'i bought three of these items and with in two weeks all three began to malfunction ,the fm radio function stopped working and the player kept switching on and off rendering it useless.the only funtion remained partially working is the flash drive memory option.    ', 'my computer has a the windows media center operating system, and syncing my device to my computer couldn\'t be easier. i had my pmc for a day, and i have about forty shows and over two hundred songs on this gadget. it barely took up 7gb of hardrive space. unfortunately, it needs to "convert" or shrink compatiblae video files to a smaller resolution. good part about this is that it saves more than x2 amount of space. converting twenty shows takes about three hours. syncing the shows takes less than five minutes    if anyone has windows media player 11, don\'t worry. the instructions say it is only compatibale with wmp 10, but it works fine, perhaps even better, with wmp 11.  the display is great, but the sound on the speakers is pretty crummy. the headphone jack easily takes care of that problem. the playlist is also bad too, it is just alphabetical. buttons are put where you need them, very easy to navigate through the pmc. pmc have a wider, much better range of video files. the video quality and screen is so much better than any pmp or ipod. the pmc is a little bulky, but i like it because i didn\'t want a tiny, breakable, and loseable portable media device. it\'s not huge, but one will have a little trouble putting the pmc in their pocket, especially if one has a cellphone or wallet blocking it.   about my price, and this is why i gave all five stars. i got mine for 55% off, it cost me around 255 to buy the whole thing, shipping included. i think i got a deal because it was memorial day weekend. i\'m sure one can get the pmc for about the same price, but it probably will be refurbished. five hundred dollars is a bit much, if you need wmv, divx, or other video files then perhaps the pmc is for you. however, if you can settle for less, like only playing mpeg4 files, get an iriver pmp, or get an ipod movie. but their screen size and video quality is not worth the price to me. i got my pmc for about the same price as any pmp or ipod, i got a lot of bang for my buck, and i was lucky because it sold out the next day.   chuck-bob  ', 'since everyone was getting mp3 players (mainly ipods) i decided to research them and get one.  after comparing different brands models etc, i found that ipods are the worst ones.  yes they work fine, but for the cost....no.   pro- 20+g ipod is $250ish +, where my 20g iriver was $146.  there were many many more that i was looking into that were all around $150.   con- cant delete items off the device, no video (but its a mp3 player not a dvd player so that point doesnt count. if i wanted to watch videos i would of looked into a video device.)  so if you want an affordable and all around very nice mp3 player look into irivers.   ', 'used but functional, dent on the back which was not directly identified. but i expected some wear. battery is great. happy with my purchase got a great deal.  ', "this product is much better then an ipod mainly because .. a. it has much better sound. b. it has an fm tuner. c. you don't have to ship it back to the factory (apple) for $60.00 to $100.00 to change the battery when it starts going bad. there's way too much hype with ipod. the only thing it has going for it is that it may be a bit easier to use and has a slightly larger screen, but it's not color. for the price the iriver is a much better deal.  ", 'i purchased this item and found after spending a few hours of downloading songs, that it was defective. i was disappointed because i was looking forward to getting this item.i contacted your customer service dept and was given instructions on returns,your return process is very efficient and i received a 2nd mp3. the only problem is up to this point it was about 3 weeks from when i originally ordered the item. after spending another 2 hours or so downloading and listening to songs i discovered that this mp3 also was slightly defective also. when listening to songs, only on certain songs, it would lock up and the whole system would just shut off. i did not want to go through another return process and downloading session and i really like this mp3 so even though it is defective,i decided to keep it anyway. i also want you to know that when purchasing the item, i saw no indication on the screen of your website where it said that it was a remanufactured item. i only discovered it after the purchase.  ', 'this is an excellent audio player! it plays most every type of compressed audio file, but is one of the few that includes support for lossless flac files. the hard drive is fair-sized and the included accessories are very generous: headphones, screen protectors, 12" audio connector cable, usb cable, and charger. the charger dongle/attachment includes ports for usb connections, line-out, and line-in feeds. the design is very accessible, though the detachable usb and power connector/dongle does present the possibility for losing an important component. it is roughly the size of a razr phone, though about twice as thick. [....]  ', "as a player, it works well.  however, we discovered there is no case to hold it.  there is also no place for a lanyard or really anyway to secure it.  if your outfit doesn't have pockets, i guess you can tuck into your underwear.  not good for you gym rats and runners.  owning previous sony walkman's, we have used sony connect and have all of our song ratings/playlists on there.  unfortunately sony connect does not support this model.  it comes with a disk for napster which we don't care to try and are trying to set up window's media player 10 for it...but can't say we like it.  ", 'this is a great little player. it sounds really great with the included earbuds, yes they are a little uncomfortable and hard to keep in.  the biggest disapointment to me was that the zen nano does not support subscription services which means you must buy every track you put on it. maybe it is just me but this whole play for sure thing is confusing that there are two different play for sures. one that allows you to download tracks that you pay for to your player and one that allows to use subscription services like urge to go to download tracks.  make sure you are getting what you want. also be aware no fm tuner.  this is the only time that i feel that amazon could have been clearer on their discription.  ', "i didn't buy the my ipod from amazon the way i normally buy my stuff. but i don't think apple is properly prepared to deal with windows users. at least, not from where i am sitting. first expect to pay whatever for the amount for the ipod. [$$$] for me (15gb) expect to pay another [$$$] for the firewire card then spend all night trying to get the thing to work with win98. as  of this writing the usb wire has not been released. the software included with the ipod nicely tells you it doesn't function with your os. i tried ephpod and macopener and they don't work with the latest ipod for windows because ephpod will error out. and if you use macopener and recreate the directory structure with ephpod, the ipod won't boot. musicmatch the mp3 jukebox that comes with the ipod will work with win98 but the plugin for the ipod won't. in short if you want a portable mp3 solution and are a windows98 user run, don't walk away from the ipod.  ", '<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000bn9uhu/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-9979933-3404132">philips hdd6330 30 gb mp3 player</a>  i\'m usually an optimistic person, but with the philips 30gb go gear, it\'s hard to be!  i\'ve had this mp3 player for less than four months, and the battery has already began to die on me!  after looking at reviews on amazon, i found out it\'s a common problem, and the main reason to avoid this device.  one year warranty, you say?  don\'t count on it!  philips customer/technical help is both unapologetic and rude.  they\'ve sent me in circles many times.  giving me false "reference numbers" and worst of all, false hope that my mp3 player will every function normally.  remember; you get what you paid for.  sure, the philips go gear is much cheaper than most other mp3 players, but the quality and service that goes along with it is terrible.  think about it before investing your hard-earned money on a substandard music player.  ', "i've had my t30 for two years, and it's still playing. i had no trouble setting it up, really, just a plug and play or plug and upload and i've got plenty of music for a bike trip or a long hike. and when i'm tired of the selections, i just erase what i don't want and download new selections. (i really don't understand the complaints about using ms media player or windows xp.)  i will stay with iriver so long as they make an mp3 player that operates off a triple a battery. that's why i also have the 2 gb iriver.   sorry amazon, but i don't understand the price listed. i got the 2 gb for just under $100, and the t30 for $80.   ", 'this is very nice little gadget here (maybe even too small for me). it sounds fantastic, the earphones are pretty good, so is the radio. video player though is useless. it is promised to have 15 hour battery life?! might be so, but with embedded lithium ion battery it is 40 % less a year from now. since the battery is not replaceable, lifespan of the player is only few years. before you buy, consider that after the battery is worn-out, so is the the player.  ', "i purchased this apple 80 gb ipod with video playback as a christmas gift for my daughter, so it is still shrinkwrapped. reuters reported this week that apple recently shipped ipods which contain computer viruses. amazon cannot (or will not) confirm whether my ipod is safe to give my daughter; instead i was provided an 800 number to call apple which is on par with calling the bureau of motor vehicles.  after dropping $350 for a reasonably nice gift, my joy of giving is now obviously hampered because i don't know if on christmas morning my daughter will unleash a computer virus on whatever computer or network into which she plugs her shiny new ipod. amazon and apple are two of the most prestigious companies in the world, and they really need to step up to resolve this latest debacle. i need to know if this bad apple is going to spoil the whole bunch, and i need to know now.  ", 'do not wast your money on this!  i had the av 700 for two weeks but gave up and returned it. the software is 2 years behind and the screen resolution is a joke. my cell phone has a better screen.    i tried everything i could to make this product work but it just came down to the fact that archos went cheap on the screen! your eyes will hurt after just 15 minutes of viewing.   maybe archos will get it right next time.   ', "i purchased many items with rebates last christmas. digging through my records it looks as though this is the only one that didn't come. i bought it and mailed the items out correctly, and on time.  today reading the small print and wondering why i didn't get my money, i discovered it says you have to wait 10 weeks to get your rebate, but if you don't receive it, you must contact them no later then 120 days after the promotion ends. so you have to wait 70 days, then somehow remember that you were not sent the rebate, but before 120 days is up, you have to remind them that you still want it. otherwise you forfeit your rebate. what a scam this is. shame on you machspeed technologies. all for a stupid $10 rebate. very underhanded company.  now to just post this review for every item they sell!  ", "cheers to amazon! i bought this ipod as a gift for my fiancs burf-day, so i haven't even taken it out of the box yet, but i had to write a quick note singing their praises. amazon's logistics and delivery network is unbelievable.  i opted for the free shipping offer (super saver discount), which amazon claims will ship in two to three days.  i placed the order around 2:00 pm cst, yesterday (3/21/05), only to have it show-up on my desk at work at 10:30 am cst, today (3/22/05). that's a total of 20.5 hours for super saver delivery.  i will say that my home in st. louis, mo isn't extremely far from amazon's distribution center in lexington, ky, where this package was shipped from - about 350 miles.  but still, i've ordered pizza's that have taken longer to get here.  way to go amazon!  ", "this item is very flimsy.  i bought two of these. one for each of my older teenage sons.  i did not realize at the time that i bought them that a) the only way to charge them was plugged into a computer, and b) there was no carrying case available for them.  they have had them for three weeks now and already one has fallen from a coat pocket to the floor.  a waist height drop should not destroy modern  electronics, but this one is now destroyed.  in addition, it does not truly play mp3's.  you must use their software to put music on the player.  you also must register the player in order to use the player on more than one computer.  i have several computers networked at my house, and sony does not need all my personal info.  so, in order to go from one computer to the next, the player must be wiped before reloading music on it.  on a positive note, before it was dropped, the sound quality was good.  that is the only good thing i can say about it.  if they would market it with a belt carrying case, or an armband case, it might be worth the risk of carrying around.  however, as a stand alone, it is a little too expensive to risk falling out of your pocket.  ", "i also agree with the other reviews so will not say everything over again either.  i will point out a few things i liked that i didn't see in the other reviews.  *love the fm record feature.  i set it up to automatically record my xm radio fm mod signal every night and i have a fresh playlist everyday without having to download songs to it (but that's easy, and i still do occasionally).  *don't forget this works as portable storage too.  you can create folders and move files with it from computer to computer.  *i liked the belt-clip over the arm band myself.  imo, it makes it easier to remove and replace.  plus, i just don't like things straped to my arm.  *very easy to learn how to use.  plus, you can play with the other features and most of the time be able to listen to music at the same time.  i figured everything out on my first walk.  *very complete and well written manual.  i would assume someone in this country wrote it.    tip: the manual suggests using the included software to convert cds to mp3s, but i found it easier to use windows media player.  just rip your cds to the wmp library (which converts them to wma, and then sync your library with the player.  works very well, and this way you only have to use one program.  i didn't really dislike anything about this player, although i don't see much use in the text or image viewer.  the screen is too small and not that good to do either well.  the hard drive is a little smaller than a comparable ipod or zen.  overall a very good value, especially since it's cheaper than the mini versions of ipod and zen (at least mine was, after rebate) and have most if not all or more of the features.    ", "now don't get me wrong, i'm a big advocate of mp3, but i think that even with additional (and expensive) flash cards, rio doesn't haven't have as much memory as i need. i really don't like listen to music at 64kbps,  although that rate is perfect for talking. 128kps is good enough for most  songs, but rio only can take 30 minutes of music at that rate. i do  congradulate diamond for the size and design of the rio, however. there  already is a newer version that has double the space, but it looks like an  imac. (boo!)<p>one thing to watch out for is a tiny little hard drive  called microdrive from ibm. it holds 340 mb, which is good four about 6  hours of music at 128kps, and 12 hours at 64k. expect that around  christmas.  ", "i was looking for a small cheap mp3 player and i didn't care how much memory it had so this seemed perfect for me. i saw that many people had rated this 4 and 5 stars so i decided to buy it. when i got the creative nano i was really happy with its preformance until i tried to put my subscription music onto it. thats when i learned that it wouldn't hold any subscription music forcing me to buy my music one by one which is costing a lot of money.  after that i started realising all of its imperfections. you can't use the fm radio in the car without hearing mostly static. you can't search through songs without actually changing the song you are listening to. don't get me wrong, there are some good sides to this mp3 player but i still would definately not recommend it.  ", "creative have a long legacy in digital sound their media players are much more versatile than the ipods of this world. this player has everything. it is small, has all the features you would expect plus some extras like a superb voice recorder and the ability to take line-in audio and split it into separate tracks. the only thing this audio player does not allow is naming the fm stations on the tuner, but that's it! i have 3 of these in the family (two black one white) and a zen vision:m (also awesome) - creative rules!  ", "i use this to listen to audio books while i exercise.  you can have it pick up where you stop.  you just first of all pause before you turn it off.  then the next time you start it up, it begins where you left off. i found that it is much easier to see if you change the back light to yellow from the default blue. the battery lasts a long time.  since i don't use this for music, the sound is just fine, and it is about the cheapest one you can find for 1 gb.  ", 'i recently bought 4 of these mp3 players. i had bought one and thought it was pretty neat, so i bought three more (one for my wife and two as gifts). within a couple of weeks, however, each one had started to malfunction in different ways. i was quite upset, so i returned them to coby and requested a refund. the coby company refused a refund, never sent any replacements, and the elusive person who was the only one who could authorize a refund was conveniently always "in a meeting" when i called. i am now out more than $120 dollars with no explanation or apology from the coby company, much less a working mp3 player.  i would highly recommend not buying this product!!  ', 'i got the nano plus for christmas and it is too cool.  i have already used all the features (except the line-in) and they all work great.  i can record all my favorite radio shows and make e-mailable podcasts right on the nano.  thanks to all the research i did on amazon i helped my wife get me the perfect gift!!  i am not anti - ipod, but this player offers so much more.  i spent at least 2-3 hours in the apple store talking with the rep. (who by the way was very helpful) he showed me all the features and went over the software and i went for about 3 weeks saying that i wanted an ipod until i did more research.  i learned that you can get so much more out of other players.  based on my research i know that you get more for your money with this player.  ', "so i received my ipod mini last week (good job amazon for the free shipping....which arrived very promptly) and i had a lot of trouble with itunes. i had a 256 mb mp3 player before i bought my ipod and transferring music to that one was so much easier. with itunes, you have to make sure every song you want on your ipod is in the library. thus if you add songs from a different computer, the songs that are not in this new library will be deleted! i guess this protects illegal music sharing, but for something this expensive this is a very inconvenient feature. basically i think itunes is an inferior program for transferring music; on my old mp3 player you could just drag and drop music files into the player.  most importantly, the battery life of my ipod is absolutely disappointing. i've had to charge it every 2 days since the day i received it, and it's not like i keep it on all the time. i just use it when i walk to class, and in a span of 2 days it is actually on for about no more than 6 hours. i don't even have the backlight setting on at all. i am extremely upset with this because the 18 hour battery life is what initially hooked me into buying this second generation version.  apple is lucky the ipod has such a good interface. the scroll wheel i must admit is a very intelligent tool and the ability to make playlists is something flash drive based mp3 players can't do. for 190 dollars i got a second generation ipod that has extremely poor battery life and that's why i am so upset with this. if anyone else has had problems with their battery, please share. it's better to know i'm not the only one who got gypped!  ", 'great gadget. decent price. lots of options. what else do you need?  ', "i had a really hard time choosing between the 20 gig ipod and the 30 gig photo but i definitely made the right decision in the end. it is definitely worth the extra $50, don't kid yourselves. you're getting another 10 gigs, the awesome color screen (some of you may not care about this feature, but i love it and it's so much more fun and bright than the b/w models), the photo capability (i enjoy this, too!) and some other stuff. like they say, everything looks better in color! i got all geeky on my itunes library and tracked down all the album covers i could find so i could see them when the songs play.  now, for those of you who don't have usb 2.0 or firewire, like me a while ago, a company called techgear makes a nifty little device that looks like a pen drive called the usb 2.0 2-port transfer hub. it's compatible with usb 1.1 and you can plug it right in your usb 1.1 port and then you've got two 2.0 ports. it's about 15 dollars, i'm sure you can find it on amazon (i got it at circuit city).   for those with windows xp worried about having to install service pack 2 (or rip your hair out trying to get it because you don't actually own a copy of windows xp, like me), don't bother. this didn't cause me one problem and i was installing the software and listening to songs on my ipod in minutes. i don't know about other version of windows, though. this was a huge relief. sp2 is nothing but problems and i don't want them on my computer.  one of my favorite things about the ipod would have to be how freaking loud it can go. i like my music nice and loud and this more than quenches my thirst for that. especially in the mornings, i usually put on something heavy and loud to keep me awake (and everyone else around me on the subway). seriously everyone, this thing can go ridiculously loud.   anyways, put a b/w and a color ipod next to one another (i did so at bestbuy with some demo versions the day i purchased mine) and if you are going to look at both and buy the 20 gig you are cheating yourself. splurge a bit! you deserve it! like i said, the extra $50 is worth it and than some. don't make the wrong decision, 30 gig photo all the way. i highly recommend!!!!!!  ", "i had a 15gb ipod and also sold it to get this (green version). i have to say, even though it holds less songs, that this is alot better. i erased alot of songs i dont listen too, but i dont regret it because they were there for no reason.   the new minis are darker than the older ones. the old mini green was lime green, this ones darker and looks alot better. the case is hard, and doesn't get scratched easy like the big ipod. the click wheel is great, and i like it alot better than the old one. when its in my pant pocket, i can just click the button inside of my pocket without taking it out,(i had the touch 15gb ipod). the only problem is that the scroll whell isnt as sensative as the other ipod.  the sound seems to be improved alittle. i can turn the volume half way up and it will be as loud as my old ipod at three forths the volume. the battery is also great. i have the backlight on for 2 seconds, and use nice sennheiser headphones, (different headphones drain more battery), and listen to the volume at about three fourth, and the battery last about 12 hours. not bad sinch the last ipod with light and better headphones lasted for about an hour and a half..  the ipod doesn't have that many extras. it has games, nots, clock, calander, and contacts. other mp3 players have voice recorders, fm radio, ect. thats o.k though because they don't have the innovation.  all in all, i suggest you buy this. you won't regret it.   ", 'i purchased this product for my husband\'s birthday.  unfortunately, he only had it 2 days before an accident occurred in which the belt clip slipped from his belt and the player fell about 2 feet to our tile floor.  this 1 fall seems to have wrecked the player.  i might have done better to purchase a $300 brick.  i am currently researching methods of somehow rescuing the player without paying the exhorbitant repair fees charged by creative (since the warranty doesn\'t cover anything that isn\'t creative\'s "fault"--as if poor durability isn\'t their fault).  i have heard that the i-pod can sustain several falls without severe problems, and if i had known of the zen\'s poor durability before my purchase, i would have bought the i-pod instead.  so: head\'s up if you\'re considering this purchase.  ', "i'm pretty easy to please, but i am very disappointed in the sansa view (16gb).  one of the dumbest things i've ever done (in terms of purchases) is return a zune i got for christmas and swap it for this model.  it is easy enough to use, but it locks up a lot.  i use mine (as an mp3 player only) about 1 hour a day, and in that hour, it typically locks 3 to 5 times.  when it locks, i cannot adjust the sound or change songs for sometimes as long as 2 to 3 minutes.  this is not only inconvenient, but sometimes quite uncomfortable, particularly when it locks at higher volumes.  for $50 more, i wish i had my zune back!   ", 'simple to use, no bells and whistles, and just the right price for someone like me when i walk.  the earbuds, however, are too large and they hurt and fall out.  i had to replace them.  ', 'i bought the rocket mp3 player from musician\'s friend and was very excited at first.  i also bought a 1 year warranty on the player.  i personally hate this product and the company who sold it to me  (e-blitz).  the reason why is because after i downloaded music into the player, for some reason it wouldn\'t play for nothing!!! i got extremely frustrated from having to constantly restart my comp. because it froze many times for no reason! every time i tried to play the music that was downloaded into the player, the screen would just display "00" or "01" and nothing happened! then, after many nervewrecking times of plugging in the usb, it stated that there was an error. it said that there was not enough memory in the player to play, therefore i couldn\'t use it at all.  apparently, the player couln\'t handle the measly 3 or 4 songs that were downloaded into it!!!(that is wack!) how should have i known when to stop downloading songs! the thing was useless! and if i buy more memory, how do i know it won\'t do the same thing when the memory runs out?! i tried to call the company for a trade or refund, but all they told me was to call another # back and forth! even with the warranty, i was not helped at all. i couldn\'t do anything! i wasted my money (...) for something that doesn\'t even work! if i could, i would warn everybody not to buy this product because if it happened to me, it could happen to you! i believe nobody should be ripped off like i was! i think that this product shouldn\'t be advertised at all because it is screwed up!!! (...)  ', "the ipod photo is without a qualm the most prevailing mp3 player on the bazaar. this apparatus is exceedingly astounding. occasionally, i have thus had a intricate time figuring out how they essentially prepared such a device as grand as this. the sound quality is dazzling. the look is outstanding. the grip is exceptional. and if you're as near as rich as nick manos, the price is stupendous. overall i bestow this item vast praise. do yourself a favor and acquire one now!  ", "i purchased this product just a little over 3 weeks ago and it has already given me problems. one of the selector buttons doesn't always respond and i don't think it worth the time or money to send back to get this reoccuring problem fixed. i don't recommend this product to anyone.    ", "crazy. everyone uses itunes because it rocks, excuse the pun, and has the exact same features on pc as it has on macs, but this zune does not work with itunes, even on the pc. doesn't work with my mac either. nor does it work in my car which has an ipod connector as most do these days. not really a viable option beyond some marketing guy's white board. maybe the next one will address these bugs.  ", "cons: can't really use while walking/running(too big). headphone jack stopped working. most of the time it had 5 minute waiting period (frozen) for loading songs. you cannot scroll music while listening, hence going back to the menu and having to wait the five minutes again. the knobs came off so i had to select songs only by growing my fingernail long enough to reach the selector. if you still are adamant about buying this, make sure you carry around a paperclip to reset this device for its inevitable freezes. the best part is...it stopped accepting the charge from the power source. what a piece of garbage! pros: 20 gigs/plays/records (some) video / looks nice and feels good when it is shattered with a hammer  ", "first of all i've owned this 60 gb 5th gen ipod for over a year now and it's been a blast to own. i often tell people that if it were any more versatile that i'd consciously use it in my sleep :). during the time that i've owned it it has been a snap to operate. itunes is very easy to browse through and buying and transferring new songs to your ipod likewise is a snap (you can make $$$ disappear really quick while browsing itunes :)).     so far it's held up remarkably well i have my ipod in a simple case and i've dropped it a million times and thankfully it hasn't given me any problems. the worst was when i accidentally dropped it into a bucket of water i freaked out (naturally when you pay as much for something like this) the rest of the day it didn't work and i was bummed and thought i'd have to send it in, but remarkably the next day it worked again :). so in closing this is one of greatest devices ever is quite durable, worth the money, saves you the risk of sifting through 10 million cds while driving, and is among one of my most valued possessions as in if i lost it i know i'd have to have another asap. after owning this wonderful device it's no wonder that there is so much competition trying to compete for a slice of the apple pie.  ", 'electrical short kills cheap-med quality head phones!  i lost four before i figure out the problem. and no, it was not just one player. i returned it and got a new one, and it did the same thing. i gave it a 2 and not a 1 because it records radio very well.do not buy!  ', 'nothing about this player makes sense.  it is as if it was designed by graduates of boston college.  the buttons take forever to respond, if they respond at all.  the order that the songs are in make no sense.  alphabetical..really?  i have no idea what rca was thinking releasing this bomb on the general public.  ', "i have had this player for a little over a year and have hardly used it.  it has never worked correctly.  when trying to switch tracks, it automatically shuts off on me.  now, it won't even turn on!  unfortunatly, i did not register the product or keep any of the original paperwork, so the company won't do a thing about it.  if you have this player, do not get rid of the paperwork!  ", "this thing looks good and sounds good --- everything else about it is poor. so far i've had two (the second was a factory swap out).  the second was only slightly better than the first. battery life is short and the dc cable needed to power it in the car is not available and, (according to their official web site) won't be until october 2006. that is the top of the list then there is the issue of turning it self on without being touched.  i would sell mine in a heartbeat except i would feel guilty about ripping someone else off knowing what this thing really is... my feeling is that this is a fly by night outfit... my advise is to look elsewhere for a more reliable and better engineered product.   ", "i received my zune thursday and affter a day and a half of trying it to work with my new hp laptop i've given up and will be sending it back to amazon for a refund.  conversely,  went down to best buy purchase a ipod nano and was down loading songs from itunes in under 2 minutes.  microsoft's zune, a failure so great microsoft is still struggling to sell models from last year at fire sale prices.    (buy an ipod or sandisk mp3 player)  ", "the player itself has been great.  had to download the new firmware to stop the battery from draining when it went to sleep but after that it was fine.<p>the headset was too small for my big head and the remote control was useless to me because the combined length of the headset cord and the remote (which always popped off anyway) was too long.<p>if you buy a headset make sure it doesn't have the &quot;l&quot; type plug as these don't fit in well to the device.  ", 'i bought it and than i found one with little lcd 512 for the same price, so i recomend you serch for better price.  ', 'this is the first portable mp3 player i hav owned and i am very happy with my purchase. i recieved my archos gmini 402 three days ago and i got almost everything down.  the good... - the player is very compact, smaller than you think. i can fit it into my jean pocket but ill be picking up the carrying case for it soon.  - video playback. its cheeper than the ipod video and has a longer battery life for video viewing (ipod about 2hr./ archos about 4-5 hr). its only sports a 2.2 inch screen but the picture is very crisp, sharp, and colorful. i have put on four tv shows on it and a movie and have little to no problems making out everything. its great!  - it acts as a external harddrive. you just plug it in via usb port, and you can drag and drop all you want. you dont even have to sync it through windows media player to transfer your music or videos. you can also tranfer things off as quickly as you put them on. it took me about 25 minutes to transfer my 11 gigs of music onto the player.  - voice recorder and picture viewer. ive played with the voice record and it is very simple to use. it also captres voice very well. pictures are also very beautiful on the player. very colorful and sharp.  the bad... - battery life. listening to mp3s will last about 10 hrs. and video playback about 4-5 hrs. i would have atleast like to see 15 hrs. for mp3 play.  - navigation. going through the gmini simple, but scrolling through a big library of music with a directional pad is going to take time. if you are a fan of the click wheel, you will notice how much slower and longer it takes just to go from "a" to "z."  - bundled software and converting video files. the instruction manual says it will only play mpeg 4 files but it will also play divx files also. so if you have any video files in that format, you can just drag them into your video folder and it will play just fine. but if you dont, you can try to use virtual dub and the archos mpeg 4 reader software it comes with.  however, the insruction manual does not help you at all on how to use them and is useless if you have no clue what you are doing (like myself). however, after 2 days of tinkering with it, i figured it out a simple way of "converting" files to make them playable. just load your file onto virtual dub then go to.... video > compression, then pick eaither mpeg4 or the divx codec for compression then save it as "segmented avi."  overview...  all in all, this is a very solid player. plays music and videos, view pictures, delete files, create folders and playlists without having to connecting it to your computer, voice recorder, and it acts as a harddrive all for around $240. great player for a great price.  ', 'before i start with my mini review, let me first clarify some things:  1. this device support mp3 drag-and-drop without using sonic stage using a program provided by sony. see the following links:  sony: http://www.sonydigital-link.com/dna/common/asp/details.asp?l=en&v=mp3installer_2_0&m=mp3 how to make it auto-launch: http://forums.minidisc.org/index.php?showtopic=11234  2. this device works as a regular flash drive. it lets you copy non-audio files.  mini review:  having used a sony minidisc player before, i\'m used to sonic stage already. one thing i don\'t like about it is, there\'s no mac support. sonic stage is not really hard to use. i look at it as, it\'s not as easy as itunes.  it comes with 5 free songs (gift cert) at sony connect. the upload of the songs to the device was a bit slow since it\'s usb 1.1. a good thing about sonic stage though is, you can choose what songs to upload to your music device (apple added this feature when the shuffle was released).  although just one color (light blue), the oled screen is great. think of an lcd screen but brighter (it makes me want to get the sony clie vz90). all devices with screens should use oled! :d  the metal controls require getting used to. it reminds me of the small dial at the side of an analog watch -- pull once and twist up or down to scroll through the songs, pull it one more time and twisting up or down scolls through the albums, push it in and it\'s on \'hold\' and controls are protected from accidental pushes or twists.   on power saving mode, when a song is playing, after a few seconds, the screen turns off. every after a few seconds thereafter, an animation - like four "(" - runs to show you that something is playing.  battery life - i have no plans of testing it but the box says it will last 50 hours of continuous playing. the box also says that a 3-minute charge is good for 3-hours use (wow). charging is done via usb through the computer by the way.  as for weight, it\'s slightly heavier than the shuffle.  there is an option to adjust bass and treble. using good earphones makes it sound really better than the shuffle.  purchased music are in atrac3 format, though it can play mp3, wma, and wav files if you upload them via sonic stage.  earphones, usb cable, belt clip, a black pouch, and a 5 free song sony connect coupon are included in the box.  as for the cost, the e507 (which has 1gb) is $199 - the 1gb shuffle is $129. is the $70 difference worth it? knowing that sony included an 3-liner oled (not just a regular lcd) screen is well worth it already. it also comes with an fm tuner and a clock. while it says at the the back that it was built in china, the build is solid. i highly recommend this device.  some images side-by-side with the ipod shuffle (see third reply): http://www.1src.com/forums/showthread.php?p=834041#834041  ', "i could not get the songs to download to the mp3 player.  i followed the instructions word for word and it would not work.  the system froze and when i unplugged it from the usb cable it stopped working all together.  i attempted to contact coby's customer service but you can not get through on their phone lines.  i finally emailed their technical center and received a generic response.  i continued to question them about the problems with connecting and downloading and coby instructed me to return these to amazon?!?!?!?!  ", "i received this as a gift and am very happy with it. as far as not having a drag and drop feature . . . it's not a big deal. the software was very easy to use, even for a novice like me. i would recommend this player.  ", 'the price is not right, when a toshiba lap top, with 40gb, wifi goes for 600 dollars paying just 100 less for a mere 4 gb is absurd.   ', "i love my ipod mini. i have almost 700 songs on it, and i still have the other half of my cd collection to go thru. i carefully selected which songs to put on here, which saved me some space... whats the point of putting on songs you wont play?  also, its user friendly, and itunes is a snap to use. granted i had to convert all my wma to aac, it still sounds great! after i finished that, i ripped the remaining cd's straight to itunes.   a few suggestions....  dont bother with the eq. i found it silly to even toy with it. i have a wide range of music on my ipod, so it would be pointless to change the eq. i listen to my ipod in the car, so if push comes to shove, i'll change the eq on my car stereo, but i dont find it necessary.   as much as apple charges for a battery change, save yourself the trouble and go to a local electronics store (best buy, circuit city). they offer extended warranties (mine is 3 year) and will change the battery for you, sometimes free of charge.  have fun with it!  ", 'i ordered the creative zen nano plus, and it was a bust. amazon.com had fantastic customer support on the returns, but the creative help team was nonexistent. you are put on hold and then disconnected. the players would not turn on, so you are stuck with no help from the maker, nor able to listen to music. i will stick with better quality products like an ipod.  ', "i am like one of the other reviewers. i wanted to like this mp3 player but it is so terrible. i wish i would have held out for the sony or ipod. i bought this because it was on the cheaper side and i thought philips would have been a good brand to have.it works sometimes and this is the longest it has been that it hasn't worked at all. the radio worked but i can't play any of the files i have on it. it is by no means user friendly. the instruction manual is not helpful at all. anyway, i know i have gotten long winded but i would definitely recommend that you not buy this device.  ", "i have had my toshiba gigabeat f40 for at least a year.  it works great and i have had no issues.  i have 222 artists and 518 albums on it so far.  i use windows media player and i don't have any problems downloading music.    ", '(to save some time read this) pros - small, portable. - clear screen. - stylish. - automatic sync. using itune. - include other programs(games,photo/slideshow,notepad.etc) - lock  cons - deliget - too expensive( so as other accessories). - only itune compatible. - only 1 gb ( comparing to 2,4,30,& 60 gb) - fingerprints are visible after using it. - unable to delete music from nano whitout using a computer. - a few bugs need to be fixed (the screen gets stuck sometimes).  (to get more info read this) i like ipod nanos, its easy 2 use, it looks cool, just like a mini version of a pocket pc.but the bad thing about it, is that it cost wayyy to much comparing to other mp3 makers. the only way to copy music to nano is using itune( and a couple of other 3rd party programs). itune rename the file name to 4 letter which makes everything more comfusing.i recommend getting a 2 or 4 gb nano because 1 gb is not big enough(around 240 songs).i also recommend getting something that protects the nano, fingerprints get on very easly. overall, i  think this is a good product.  ', "today i received my creative labs zen nano plus 1gb.  i decided to purchase an mp3 player because i work out at the gym and was tired of running with a bulky cd player that skipped if i didn't hold it while running.  so, i started looking at mp3 players.  i am a big music person and have well over 12,000 files of mp3s on my home computer.  it seemed i would have to buy a costly mp3 just to hold a good portion of my collection on an mp3 player.  i checked out the ipods, sandisk and creative labs mp3 players.  i did a ton of research on these products.  the end result?  there are bad experiences from reviewers with each brand and every model.  i decided to not throw away hundreds of dollars on a piece of techology that would potentially have an issue.  if you don't care about playing and watching video but just want a compact mp3 player to listen to a handful of music albums on -- this one seems to be the best.  i tried it out in the gym today and it was great.  it is the size and weight of a tiny package of gum (the kind with 5 pieces).  i held it in my hand while running since i don't trust technology to be dangling off my body, however, this one does come with an armband and waist clip!    pros: +comes with waist clip, armband, basic headphones, line-in cable, and usb cable. +lightweight, has screen with optional backlight. +cost!  save yourself some money! +customer service (i called with a question and was put on with a live body in minutes!) +fm radio +record audio!  cons: -for working out, there is a lot of extra cord on the headphones. -directions.  the set of directions that comes with this is really poor.  it gives no real direction on how to work the software and vague in some areas with how to use it.  i figured out everything through trial and error. -the case that it comes with doesn't actually cover the screen, which stinks because i don't want to worry about scratching it!   in summary, i couldn't find one mp3 player that didn't have an unhappy bunch reviewing each brand and model.  this one is working out so far.  if there isn't a great flawless mp3 player on the market then why waste so much money on an ipod?  (i didn't talk about spec's in this review because you can learn that from amazon's description.  you read reviews to read others experiences.)  ", "i bought 4 units of this product as christmas gifts for myself, my wife and teenage kids.  three of them died within the first two months of very light use.  i was successful in returning two of the units for a full refund, however, i'm stuck with one dead unit, and waiting for the fourth to die any day now.  i got replacement ipod shuffles for the kids. the ipods have performed flawlessly for a number of months.  ", "i got this mp3 player and it worked great out of the box.  i didn't have any problems synching music.  the sound was fine i replaced the ear-buds as son as i got it and i was quite happy with it.  about 2 months after i got it things started to go wrong. it would have a system error for no apparent reason and i couldn't get it to work unless i reset the device.  i upgraded the firmware, re-formatted, called samsung and tried every possible solution to get the thing to work again.  in the end i wound up getting another mp3 player from a different manufacturer.  i really liked this player when it worked.  i would strongly recommend not buying this mp3 player it is a waste of money and time.  ", "i have had this player for a month now. i really like it.  sound is ok it drains on battery quick....since i use rechargeable its ok for me. there was no folder browsing - which made me hate this player in the beginning. now machspeed has a software upgrade for this player. you download from their site and upgrade your player. this upgrade allows you to browse folders and go to the music you like. i just discovered one more - may be a feature -  i turn the recording on and speak into the headphones ( that come with this player). it records them. even though the clarity isn't that good this way it is good for taking quick notes.  ", "i just got my player today, and i haven't been able to put it down. it's fairly easy to install, as well.   you do need to get rechargable aaa batteries, this eats batteries up pretty quick. that's really the only gripe i have with the player; other than that, it's so much better than my previous mp3 player.   if you're looking for a decent mp3 player, i highly recommend this product. it's definitely worth the money.   ", 'this is a good product, but the install process can be a mess (check the sandisk forums, and you\'ll see there are a lot of people struggling). i have an xp machine and am computer savvy, but it took me 3 hours to get my computer to recognize this player and two frustrating and very unproductive tech support calls (they tried, but they ran me around in dead-end circles that did not make much sense). i *finally* got it to work by reading a random non-sandisk website that said to turn the player to on, slide the bar to "hold," and then press the center button while plugging the device into your usb port. for some weird reason, that did the trick, even though never suggested by tech support. so, watch out, but if you can get it to install, it\'s a good deal.   ', 'some of the reviews here contain materially false information.   this player plays mp3 songs directly, without the need to convert them to atrac3/atrac3plus format. this is covered at great length in the manual.  this player supports drag-and-drop for mp3 files. the sonicstage software is only necessary if you want to work with atrac. look online for the appropriate version of sony\'s "mp3 file manager" (version 2.0 as of this writing).  for those who want to work with atrac, sonicstage is a stable and reliable application, when used in a stable and reliable environment. it is best to use windows xp, install the lastest updates, use virus-checking software, and avoid running software from untrusted sources.  ', "i bought an archos 504 from target a few months back. right out of the box it was having boot errors. basically, when hitting the power button, the lcd backlight would turn on, but there would be no actual activity. no boot screen, nothing. probably because i was wearing shoes and in my car when i opened it? lol. i digged and digged through the manual to find any sort of hard reset. holding down the power button for 15 seconds works. great! a way out! ... not exactly, because regardless of whether you do that when it is on or off, after 10 seconds of being on, it turns itself back off; defeating the purpose of any sort of reset.  the hard reset worked once, and i had it set up, watching videos on my tv via the docking station for a grand total of about 25 minutes. i go to my girlfriend's house for about an hour, come back and try to watch a video in my bed, holding the screen [no shoes or static conductivity of any kind]. it stays black again. this time, as many hard resets as i make, nothing happens.   so to sum it up, within 25 minutes of actual usage, the unit was toast. how or why, i can only imagine was a micron of static electricity, since i have run into that problem on previous occasions. i had also been previously told that there is no grounding between the entirity of the electronics and the metal casing. who does that?   in other words, don't buy this item if you have ever static shocked anyone or any thing in your entire life, lol. oh, and wear a static wrist band while using it or you may regret it.  ", 'i purchased this pvr about 2 months ago , so far i have been very satisfied with it, my only complaint is why not this pvr not having a fm tuner on it,  \\\\\\? it is well made, and i am happy with it, the battery life is good too, i listed to my songs  for about 4 hours and still had about half juice left in it. good luck, buy it , and enjoy it.well, i forgot to mention that i purchased the extended battery for it so it is about twice has life in it.  ', "like everyone else, i did all the research and knew i wanted to use napster. so, i ended up with this unit and it has been great.   people may complain about the set up or song transfer, but i have had no issues and it works like a charm.  but most impressive is this... i have had this mp3 player for almost one year. i have it running in my car and office for an average of 10-12 hours a day, non-stop. i get to work, plug it in and listen until i go home at the end of the day. whatever durability testing iriver did, i have surpassed it. and it is still running perfectly.  it's been dropped, kicked, baked in the car, and even doused with water. it is still going.  after all the issues with durability i have heard about other mp3 players, this one rules. i got my money's worth a long time ago and am now looking for a 20gb.    ", "remember when the walkman hit the market years ago?  at first it was fad, then it became a craze before finally becoming as ubiquitous as taxi cabs in manhattan.  the diamond rio is the first product with the potential to  eventually replace the walkman.  think about it - portable music that  sounds as clear as a compact disc from a device that looks and feels like a  pager.  unshockable, no matter how much you jump around or how bumpy the  bus ride.  this is the perfect gift for your favorite &quot;gadget  junkie&quot;, as long as they have a pc to download from.  pssst...here's a  secret:  you can record your own cd's into mp3 format and download the  songs into your rio - it isn't just for internet music!!  great product.  ", 'why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20gb ipod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even more if aac encoding is used) for the same price???  in addition , ipods can be used as portable hard drives and can display your calendars and contact info.   ', 'i was getting excited again when i heard about the new zen vision coming out, but guess what?  my creative zen pmc died for the 3rd time!!!!! same hard drive error. error message 5. i\'ve tried my best to barely even use the thing this time, used only "official" music, and still it fails.  i don\'t have the patience to deal with their customer service all over again.  i\'ll probably just get a cheap iriver or maybe an archos if i\'m feeling empty without video.  if the new zen vision is anything like this one in terms of hardware quality or the amount (or lack of) software updates, i say good luck to anyone who wants to risk that venture.  good job with the battery life of the pmc and your sound cards creative. everything else, not very creative at all.  trust me, read the forums on the creative website. then you\'ll see what i mean.  ', 'i bought this player, had it for a week and returned it. i bought a charging kit from gomadic <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0010elom8/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/104-0542713-0191925">car / auto and wall / ac essential charger kit w/ tip exchange for the archos 605 - gomadic brand</a>  everything worked well and i was excited to try the browser.  when i selected the browser a window popped up saying that this "plug-in" needed ... which costs an extra $30 ... doh!    next i tried to use the mp3 player, which is where this device lacks the most. get this, you have to load a playlist.  otherwise you can either play one music file or all music files.  there was no way for me to select by folder (which is all i need), artist, album, nor genre.  now on to loading a movie, which was a typical video i use with other video players.  when i clicked on play it said that it was only supported with an "plug-in" that  ... wait for it ... cost extra.  there are two types of video plug-in at $20 each. i decided it is not worth it and returned it. i bought it for three reasons which it was lacking in all three areas: 1) play videos (not many video formats supported, other supported at an extra cost) 2) browse the web (costs extra) 3) play mp3s (gui lacks)  in conclusion...  pros: 1) it has good look and feel 2) video playback good (when supported) 3) screen is clear and bright 4) keys work well 5) good user interface in general 6) good weight (not too heavy) 7) good battery life  cons: 1) web browser app cost an extra $30 2) some codecs (video formats like avi) are not support ... but you can add some codes, of course this costs extra of at least $20 3) mp3 player user interface is lacking. i could not find a way to play by folder, artist, genre ... must make playlist ahead of time and upload it to the player  cheers  ', "this is a below average mp3 player.  the radio reception is poor, as is the sound quality.  note that you can not delete files directly from the sansa express!  you must first connect it to a computer's usb port to delete any files.  i confirmed this with the online instruction booklet that curiously does not come with the device.  this means that if you record voice or audio on the road and you're not near a computer, once the device is full, that's it -- no more recording because you can't delete anything from the player itself.  also, note that the player only recharges when it's attached to a usb port.  it takes about 2 hours to recharge (and about half that to discharge), which means that your computer has to be powered up and running for the time it takes to recharge!    the player will not recharge when plugged into a usb port if the computer is shut down or in sleep mode.  this is a waste of time and certainly not an environmentally friendly way of recharging.  there are so many other good mp3 players out there, in my opinion, this one is a curiosity and no more.  ", "don't let any of the reviews about difficulty of video conversion dissuade you. i found an app off of download.com called super (freeware) that perfectly encodes videos of virtually any format for the new ipod. it's fairly quick, though cpu intensive. for the most recent version of the program, check out  http://fever.link.free.fr/super.html#dnload. don't spend money for quicktime pro when better (and free) alternatives exist. oh yeah...get yourself a new ipod in black. sexy as hell. i'm the first of my friends to get one, and everyone is jealous.   ", 'this baby not only looks good its da biz i got it recently no regrets!   ', "zen nano plus 1gb is a fantastic flash player for the price.i would have given it five stars but the software that came with the product appeared to have caused a huge conflict with my 'puter and i since reformatted the hard drive and left creative labs software off entirely. i'm still not sure if the software was the reason for the conflict however. this product is 100% compatible with windows explorer anyway and it gets along just fine without their software. i do recommend getting some upgraded earbuds as i did, (with ear hooks) as the ones that came with it would not stay put. ease of use, capacity and sound quality are perfect for everyday work use. ~fini~  ", "bought 2 units for christmas presents..and 1 is dead just after a few  hours. the light displays would not turn off...even after several unit resets. a couple of days after it would'nt even charge anymore... i should have read the fine print....made in china  ", 'i thought i had a lot of media, so i went for the 60gb.  after "filling" it up, i had only used about 4 gb, so i had to get some more stuff to put on it (podcasts, dvd\'s, etc.).  great quality and durability!  a wonderful online community of users.  some features that it has which i hardly noticed before i bought it, it has an fm radio, and you can use it to record stuff, either from the radio or the little bitty microphone that\'s built in.  it has another port on it that you can use with a digital camera to unload your camera (using some of those 60gb), so you don\'t have to lug a whole pc laptop with you in order to take more photos.  ', 'i purchased this unit and had to return it and bought creative labs zen player instead because samsung is known for their bad software. avoid at all cost all samsung products that require software to run.   ', "the only downside is having to use a usb cord to copy files from my pc.  i own a muvo and you can just plug it in direct without a cord.  apart from that minor issue, it's a great little player.  ", "i had this for a week and here is what i've found so far:  pros: 1. very portable and light. 2. long battery life. 3. no drivers/software needed (tried on win 2000 and xp). 4. reads id3 (only displays song name on the screen though). 5. has a voice recorder and it can record from the fm tuner - very cool.  cons: 1. when the backlight is lit there is a buzzing noise. [edit: after firmware update the noise disappeared] 2. the screen is very short, but i guess thats the price for portability. 3. instead of only showing/scrolling songname only they could have shown artist - album - songname. 4. twice it just paused in the middle of the song (may have been bad mp3 file).  ", 'this little mp3 player has a lot of power and features for its size!  while there are many brands of mp3 players on the market, i prefer this model of creative for its compact style and durability.  for half-hour workouts in the gym, it is ideal!  creative shines with this product, maintaining its reputation for high quality computer sound.  the flash drive has no moving parts, so there is no worry that it will skip or be damaged during an active exercise routine.  i would have given it five stars, but the sound buzzes faintly when the display is illuminated.  while the faint buzzing lasts only a couple of seconds, i would think a company like creative could do better.  overall, this player is a good purchase for the money.  i have no regrets!    ', "i waited through the ipod evolution and finally bought the 4g ipod (clickwheel) in 2004. the hard disk technology broke 3 times within a year (under warranty) and then finally a 4th time the week after the one-year warranty expired. i swore i would never again buy another hard disk-based ipod. the very next week, the ipod nano was release. i was mesmerized. it sounded perfect! granted the 4gb version has a $150 profit markup, is easily scratched, delicate and low memory capacity (only 4gb), but at least it was flash-drive based. i actually bought this the next week, and returned it before opening it once i found out that it didn't have video-out capabilities for photos and no firewire capabilities, as the regular ipod's did. those were deal-breakers for the tiny $250 device. i will wait a bit longer for the 2nd generation nano which hopefully will have video-out and firewire capabilities (and hopefully more memory) even if they have to be a bit larger. the ipod and ipod mini's are small enough for me already; i like the nano for its flash-drive technology (for prospective reliability reasons).  ", 'i bought this player for my son for christmas, worked great for a couple of weeks, then kept on freezing up.i contacted amazon, they were awesome in replacing the product with another one..sure enuf got the new one in a couple of days,and yes, it was defective also, froze up from the very beginning.we are not going to replace this with  the same prodect, we will be returning it for full credit towards a differant brand.  ', 'i love this gadget. it almost does everything. my primary reason for buying is the fact that i can backup my dvd\'s on the unit, w/o using a computer. when i was looking to upgrade from my creative nomad zen xtra 30 gb, i was looking at the creative vision m (30gb) and the cowon a2 (30gb). i was that close to buying the creative vision m (never once considered the ipod video) until i happened upon the av500 in frys and compared all the features. except for the price tag, the av500 eclipsed the vision m in all areas imo. i initially held off buying the av500 because of the steep price.  i can honestly say that i am yet to experience any of the flaws that some reviewers have posted. my unit has never frozen, not once. the fact that i now don\'t have to lug around my huge dvd case and the fact that i can play my movies on a regular tv at work are huge pluses in my book. this little gadget in the one to have. it\'s funny how i used to be in awe of one of my fellow co workers rca lyra and the videos he had on board. not anymore, that\'s for sure. this is a great product and one that i\'m glad i purchased. i highly recommend this product, monkboon....  +\'s: (1) 100gb of memory (more that any computer in our house) (2) can backup/rip personal dvd\'s w/o the use of a computer. (my primary reason for the purchase. (now i don\'t have to lug around dvd\'s and cases everywhere.) (3) can be used as a dvr to record your favorite tv shows from your cable box, vcr or basically anything you can think of. (4) complete ease of use. (5) has a picture viewer.(holds like a trillion pictures.) (6) has a voice recorder. (i\'ll never use it, but it\'s there if i need one.) (7) can pretty much record any type of video from many different formats. (i recorded my kids playing xbox games just to fool around with the video settings) (8) replaces your current mp3 player. i just transferred 5714 songs and it\'s barely using 8 gigs. (9) easy to transfer files and navigate. (10) screen is larger than most video players of this caliber. (11) can view movies from the unit on your television. (12) can create and edit play lists on the fly. (13) exceptional battery life for this type of device.  -`s: (1) not really a -, but something that would have been nice is if there were a fm tuner. (2) missing a hole for the ac adapter when the unit is in the closed case. (nit picky) (3) one must connect the unit to the computer to access the "real" user manual. (4) terrible speaker, you will need headphones (i have bose) unless using quality external speakers. (5) had issues syncing with wmp10 and play lists. had to use creative media player to transfer 5500 songs from my computer. the wmp10 issue is more than likely my inability to do anything worthwhile with windows media. so again, this may not be a con. (6) some movies/dvd\'s will not play on the unit or television.  i\'m extremely happy with my purchase.  ', 'nano sounds gr8 i m very happy with the sound i hear compared to a old mp3 player i had and also very sleek and easy to use..  ', "i purchased this mp3 player because i wanted something tiny, without an internal battery to fail, and inexpensive in march 2005.  i still have it, and have used it about 20-40 hours per week, almost every week since i've had it, and it is still going strong.  i love it, the aaa battery lasts about 15-20 hours, and its easy to keep spares on hand-instead of having to worry about recharging the whole unit. i have a pc, and changing around files is a breeze. the rubber case it came with clips easily to waistband, belt, neckline, wherever you want it to go, and then you can forget about it-its not huge and bulky like certain other players (ahem, ipod).   i highly recommend it. over the last 15 months, it's been every where with me-art studio (had a near miss with paint, one day) working out, locked in the car in a hot texas summer, and dropped too many times to count, and it both works and looks as good as the day it arrived.  ", "i'm a first-time mp3 user, and i love my zen nano plus. it's so small it's easy to tuck in a pocket or clip to a sleeve as i'm going about my business, and the sound is fantastic - far better than cd quality.   i did find it difficult to navigate at first. the directions were confusion and the tiny scroll wheel was tricky enough that i nearly sent the thing back in frustration. but now that i've played with it for a while, i'm enjoying my music in a whole new way.  the earphones could be more comfortable, but i understand that's a common gripe about players at most price points.  ", "i've tried a whole bunch of different mp3 players, and this one fits my needs better than any of the others.  first, its small size makes it easy to keep in just about any pocket.  battery life is great, at over 15 hours, and the fact that it takes aaa's means that if i run out of rechargeable batteries while i am out on the road, i can pick up a substitute at any gas station.  well okay, you say, but how does it work?  great!  it syncs easily with windows media player 10 or 11.  the lcd display makes it easy to navigate to just the item i want.  i can put a week's worth of podcasts on the t30, and it has been serving my needs without complaint for over a year now.  these little guys are getting harder to find now, and i'm going to pick up another one as a spare.  five stars!  ", "i've had my t30 for about 3 years now. i love the sound quality! it's the best i have ever found in a player of this size. i've tried the sandisk c150 and another no-name brand which neither could equal the sound quality here. i had to replace the earphones as this type irritates my skin and will cause infections. i always end up buying a different set of earphones like the sennheiser cx300 which have soft inserts, but that's just me; most will probably be ok with the included phones. my first complaint is that the navigations are not very easy to use. i prefer the setup that comes on the sansa c100 series which is similar to the ipod. i would love to see this unit revamped to include sd card capability and a better user interface. my second complaint is that you can't drag and drop files to the unit; you are forced to use wmp or something similar to manage the songs.  ", "i recommend this player if you're in the market for a portable media player.  i've found it's durable, easy to use and definitely worth what i paid for it. it comes with a nice zippered carrying case, which does a great job of keeping the screen from getting scratched up while you're not using it.  the screen is clear and bright, the controls are comfortable and easy to use and the menus are very easy to navigate.  my experiences are pretty similar to the other reviewers.  i agree, if you have a media center pc, this thing is invaluable.   however, i've found that it takes way too long (hours!) for the player to convert dvr-ms files.  with some 3rd party software, i can edit out the commercials and re-encode to the size accepted by the player (320x240 wmv) in about a 1/2 hour and once done, it takes only about 30 seconds to copy over. 20 gb is more than adequate for most people, since the video files are only about 200 mb for an hour show.  the operating system on the player takes up some space, so you don't get the full 20 gb. but even so, you can fit around 85 - 90 hour long videos on there at a time.    i also agree that one of the player's shortcomings is the lack of customization with music playlists.  you're limited to only one, and the shuffle function isn't great.  i've found that you have to toggle the shuffle option a few times to get a different mix of songs, otherwise you get them in the same order every time.  but that's not a major issue for me.  another cool feature is that you can have windows media player  download cd information off the internet and when played, the cd cover will show up in the player.  neat!  another small problem i've run into is that the player isn't very stable if you're using it with the ac adapter without the battery attached.  there's an arm you can pull out on the back of the unit that you can use to prop the player up to view the screen. the ac plugs into the top of the player and i have to rearrange the cord a bit to keep it from tipping the player over. again, only a minor problem, but it would've been better if the ac plug was on the side of the unit and not the top.    overall, i really like this player.  i use it every day at work, and i'm looking forward to using it on the plane this summer when i travel.  i haven't found any major cons to using this product, just some minor inconveniences.  i'd have to say the biggest downside is the price.  i don't think it's worth the msrp of $500 (i paid half that amount after a lot of bargain hunting on the web), but thankfully there are more players coming out on the market, some with more storage, and the prices are starting to fall.    oh, and don't listen to the other reviewers nonsense about the battery.  there is no internal battery, just an external one that fastens to the back of the player.  if/when it ever does go dead, you can buy replacements.  so don't let any battery issues stop you from considering this.  ", "this mp3 player is awesome. it's go great sound and is so small. it's lightweight and portable. the only reason i don't give it a 5 star is because it doesn't have that much memory. i can fit up to 10 songs on it. if it had more memory i would give it a five star. but great for beginners who want a mp3 player because it's so inexpensive and it's easy to use.  ", 'if you have old tapes and records you would like to be able to archive, put into your computer or other mp3 player, and/or burn cd copies of, this is the the portable media player/ recorder for you...but it has one major flaw*  a line in jack (odd 2.5mm, but adaptable) is a very rare thing on a portable media player/ recorder, and this has one...add to that it\'s vu meters and it\'s close to perfect for making digital copies of any audio source including your old analog recordings. that\'s right it actually has a line in jack and vu meters..how sweet is that? with an adapter ( <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000a3gpis/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/105-0691807-1803628">audio adapter - rca - mini-phone stereo 3.5 mm (m)</a> ) you can jack it right in to your stereo system..with the included 2.5mm to 3.5mm cable you can jack into anything with a standard stereo 3.5mm headphone/ output jack.  recoding is encoded at 128 or 160kbps mp3..ok so it.s not high end top  notch audio, but it\'s just fine for cassettes,lps, 45s, radio, and yes even your old 8-track cartridges. 320 kbps would have been better, but 160 is adequate.  it also has a built in mono microphone that makes decent sounding recordings.  ..and yes it\'ll play your audio and video files, and display pictures too... just like everything else, bla, bla ,bla. nothing new there.  audio output is not very loud, but it does have a real user adjustable five band equalizer.  battery life is about 9-12 hrs...uh... battery..battery...where\'s the battery?  * the battery is not user replaceable. imho that\'s inexcusable. when it goes dead on you and you\'re away from home you\'re sunk. likewise when it\'ll no longer hold a charge. the only way to replace the battery is to literally pry the case apart or have it replaced by a technician!  as a recorder i\'d give it an 8/10.  as a portable media player i\'d give it 2/10 because of the battery issue alone...where it not for that i\'d say 7/10.. sounds good for what it is, but i wish it had more output power.  ', '** your review of "rio carbon 5 gb mp3 player" **  sure its cute and fun for the first few hours as stated by other  reviewers. but then there are the problems:  (1) the all important volume control/scroll wheel breaks off if  handled too roughly leaving you with no other means to control the  volume - annoying beyond belief. given that this wheel also doubles  as a menu selection device/mice you are not going to be able to  change the settings that easily either.   (2) for reasons yet to be discovered, the device goes into an  upgrader mode. meaning - it displays the message "upgrader" - its  expecting you to upgrade the firmware. but your computer can no  longer recognize it - hence, no upgrade possible and you cannot exit  this mode = it does not work.  you can\'t even look at the time at  this point.   (3) tech support from rio - elusive/hard to reach. i don\'t think  they exist.  (4) warranty - 90 days after which everything seems to fall apart.  800 number? forget about it.   save your money and invest in a more durable device, this thing is  not worth it. i became so frustrated with it that i dumped it into  the garbage. i will never buy another mp3 player from rio again/ever!  ** end of the review **  ', 'as others have said, the sound is great and battery life is excellent.  that\'s about it.   if you (god forbid) hit the "shuffle" button (why do we need a "shuffle" button on the outside where you\'ll hit it often?) you will "shuffle" until you magically hit the button(s) to correct it - or the zen gods shine down on you.  i\'ve had this player for several years and still can\'t figure it out.  instruction manual?  forget it.  the touch pad is irritating as you will overshoot your mark often no matter how often you adjust it. there is nothing intuitive about the software.    here\'s the best thing.  sometimes it...just...quits.  you have to get a paperclip, stick it into a little hole and it revives itself.  no idea why it does this.  but rest assured, it will do it at the worst possible moment when there is no paperclip or other similar object in sight.  i bought the zen because i hate anything apple.  my next mp3, unfortunately, will be an ipod.  and the way the zen has been acting up lately - it might be sooner rather than later.  ', "first, let me start with the things i really do like about the gb30. the user's interface is simple, the graphics are crisp, and it is ridiculously intuitive to manage and transfer music as a napster ready-to-go device.  however, the battery performance is pitiful. after 10 days (painfully aware that i am outside the window to return this for a refund from my seller), the battery would drain despite the fact that the unit was turned off.  after reluctantly returning the unit to the toshiba repair depot, i received it within another 7 days only to find that they did not fix the problem.  so, i give up. i keep the unit fully charged by keeping it plugged in to the wall outlet between uses.  however, i will never by another toshiba product nor would i ever recommend this seller again.  ", 'great item with great sound.  very small and easily clips onto clothing while working out.  the headphones that came with it have very good sound, but were fragile (had to replace it after it fell apart).  would definitely recommend this mp3!!!  ', "diamond's rio is the current, silicon-state nightmare for monopolistic entertainment industries. when the first audio recording-devices entered the consumer market decades ago, the idea of a controlled  &quot;charge-per-copy&quot; business model in the music industry was  doomed. although traditional copyrights could never be totally enforced,  the record and music-producing industry neglected these threads existing in  the shades of multi-billion profits.<p>mp3 and the internet raided the  existing markets with their &quot;natural&quot; power like a cruise-missile  against a frying-pan.  like other good examples for  &quot;killer-apps&quot;, the rio is designed to web-specs (mp3). this makes  its use and performance comparable with other cd-quality playing devices  while putting the power of the internet into the palm of your hand. if you  want to make a statement of &quot;being digital&quot;, the rio is a must!  ", "ipod mini dont have:  1. it doesn't have radio  2. u can't recored radio  3. u can't even recored ur own voice  4. u can't fill da memory to da fullest                     zen micro is better cuz:  just get da 6gb zen micro it lasts longer (battery life) u can fill da memory to da fullest has radio (fm only) u can record it and u can recored your own voice (voice memo)u can also use it as a memory card to store files      ", 'when i was looking for a compatible mp3 player for my audible book downloads, it was months of looking.  i, of course, knew that the ipod could do it, but it was way out of my price range. i bought a rio player, it was not good enuff.  i bought a dell juke box, i loved it and still do, but found out that it couldn\'t do audible books (i have about 300 of them).  then i got nomad zen xtra. now that was very nice unit and i liked it,  but i couldn\'t get very many books stored on it.  after having spent so much money on these devices i thought  "why not get an ipod?".  so i looked at the selections of ipods and their reviews.  the photo ipod has the least negative reviews and contained lots of storage space. also on amazon it was cheaper.  the reviews are correct as to the problems and i have sworn several times at my ipod, but all in all with patience (sorry lousey in spelling)the ipod works fine. the music sounds good and the books come across great. one of the features i love is that you can speed up the narration without distorting the sound.  i can listen to a 6 hour book in approximately 4 hours for example.  you have to be very gentle with it and be well acquainted with the different menues. it has been a learning experience with me, and continues to be.  best advice when the device seems dead (blank screen) and nothing revives it hold the "menu" key and center button down for 7 sec or more until apple design shows up. the instructions tell you to do it and you will find it most useful.  to reinterate: 1) best not for young children 2) best not for impatience people 3) excellent for audiophiles 4) design is perfect for holding 5) excellent for walking and running  blair  ', "i've had this mp3 player for about 2 years now and it's been pretty good. well it was for about a year anyway. after that the buttons pretty much stopped working. at first, it was just one and then gradually they all stopped working. it really sucks because this is a good mp3 player and it holds all my music but now i cant use it because the buttons dont work. besides the buttons not working, it also doesnt hold a charge for very long. it lasts for about 4 hours until it dies. if you want a mp3 player that lasts long and is durable then you should probably keep looking because this definitly doesnt. but it was good while it lasted =/   ", "i bought a 512mb model u10 right after if came out and after about 8 months began to have problems with it deleting songs on its own, or when i would delete them the songs name would stay in my playlist and would stop playing whenever it came to the song.  i have another u10 which is the 1gb model and after about 8 months it is doing the same thing, i wouldn't advise anyone to buy an iriver product and if you have one take it back now because it will self destruct. iriver isn't the only company who seems to have problems with their mp3 players lifespan, average life of a much more expensive ipod is only 18 months.  until someone steps in and insists these electronic companies make a reliable product i am sticking with the cheaper products that services like napster and urge offer.  ", "this little device is the swiss army knife of mp3 players. i already own an ipod, but wanted something smaller to carry around and load mp3 to without the hassle of itunes. i looked at lots of players including the rca lyra and iriver, but what sold me on the muvo is the ability to record directly from audio sources like tape decks, turn tables and the like. i can just hook up the inlcuded stereo mini plug and convert an lp or cassette into mp3 while listening to it! no need to mess with the computer and mp3 software.  i have a g4 power mac at home, and this little device works perfectly with it. it just shows up as a disk volume when connected to the usb port. i can drag and drop mp3 files and they play just fine on the muvo. it's nice to be able to bypass itunes when you're in a hurry or just need a few files dropped on. of course you can drop other files like jpegs into the muvo as well.  i also enjoy the fm radio function. it's nice to have handy if you're stuck somewhere or just need to check traffic or weather. i have not yet used the built-in microphone. battery life is great, with just one little aaa powering the muvo. if it dies i can just pop in another one. unlike the ipod, which you have to charge using a special cable and power outlet or computer firewire port.   this is not a replacement for the ipod, although lately i tend to carry the muvo more because it's light and convenient. sound from the muvo is amazingly good. it's as good as the ipod and even includes a graphic equalizer to customize sound. the included headphones are ok, but not very comfortable. at any rate they're easy to replace. the only drawback is the small amount of storage. 256 mb can get eaten up pretty quick....so i find myself deleting stuff a lot. on a per megbyte basis the 20 gig ipod is a better deal, but the muvo is a great first mp3 player or even a replacement for a usb flash drive.  ", "i already use roku soundbridge m500 / m1001s to stream music around the house, using itunes as the server. more recently, i bought a squeezebox v3 based on the online reviews, which spoke highly of the audio quality. after 3 months' i gave up and it now languishes in a drawer - one of my soundbridges has taken its place.   the problems with the squeezebox were several: 1) sound quality - the wifi connection just kept dropping out all the time (i.e. every few minutes). this never happens with my soundbridge and my router/access point is only 3m across the living room. sure, i could run cables round, but they would be unsightly and i live in rented accomodation, so channelling the cables into the walls is not an option.  2) the slimserver software was more sophisticated than itunes, but the flip side is that i found it to be much less user-friendly. i prefer the simplicity of the itunes / roku soundbridge combination, without the need to run a separate server. 3) navigation at the device (as opposed to at the pc) is (imho) a lot weaker than roku's. on the squeezebox, i had to scroll through all album (or artist) names, whereas on the soundbridge i can scroll by letter and then drill down to the names - much faster. i accept that the pc interface is much better for the squeezebox, but i wanted it to use in the living room i.e. away from my fileserver, so ease of navigation at the device is key to me. font size is comparable on the soundbridge m1001, so that is not an issue for me.    in the end, the squeezebox's lack of reliability rendered it useless; i could not get it to play a single track without it cutting out. i replaced it with one of my soundbridges and since then have not looked back. as for audio quality? i never got far enough to find out. shame.  ", "has a great look, very modern & sleek!  the screen is really neat, but it's hard to see when using outdoors in the bright sun.  love how compact it is, how light it is, and how the small number of buttons and things do so many different things.  i do wish there was a arm band for it, but i have concocted my own using a wrist band (sweat band thing) which works fine. it has great sound - i love the various sound options!   one thing i don't like... there are different screen settings, and when you switch one to show the time or something, i wish it would show the music information when you switch songs, but it doesn't.  if you select the time to be shown, you'll see that only until you switch over to the other display mode.   i have had some problems w/ the software... but i got songs onto the player in the end.  it's not too user friendly.   but overall, i am thoroughly enjoying it.    ", "this is a great music player.  it work well.  it is also easy to use.  i have news for you.  when the ipod says do not diconnect you have to go to itunes and eject the ipod.  read the adobe ipod features guide to learn more about that stuff.(it comes on the installation cd.)  i recently had the creative zen portable media center.  i didn't even have it for a year and it broke.  it might have been defective.  though this ipod is smaller and lighter.  they pretty much do the same thing.  if you want a small music player, a photo viewer, and a video player get the ipod video 60gb.  it is the 5th generation of the ipod.  ", "this is my second zen v. returned the first one because it worked for a month and then kept freezing up on one song. would not reboot despite pushing the tiny reboot/restart button on the side. exchanged for a new player and within three days it is doint the same thing! i'm going to get another brand. my husband has a zen jukebox and has had no problem for years. this is a great size with great features, but that does you no good if the software doesn't work!  ", 'did someone say file management?  race through and install all of your image files and convert them into a form that you can do nothing with.  take your totally useable .mp3 files and turn them into unusable and unmangageable .sat files.  next, make trying to move these files off and on to the gigabeat to avoid duplicates impossible.  trying to prepare this unit for sale on amazon, i found no reference to returning to original factory settings at hand.  using windows xp sp2 to format the drive was a mistake.  i hadn\'t found this out until i sold the unit and was looking for any missing documentation.  it was no use anyway, the unit would bring back things that you\'ve deleted.  the gigabeat room software would tell you that something is there when unplugged it isn\'t.  there isn\'t any toshiba factory support.  the 1.1 usb is hell-of-slow especially with 2 gigabytes worth of 700k files.  this unit is generally hostile towards non-commercial music such as my 78s collection on .mp3, my recorded gigs of david kafinetti (from spinal tap) with bird sounds, train sounds and people i find the need to record.  this thing does not do well with those.  why do you people always want to see a "genre".  sansa was like that also.  what on earth is up with you people?  i will not have my musical tastes pigeonholed.  thank you not.  towards the end, it stopped working altogether with the 2.0 usb, always switched my 1024x768 svga to low-res vga, and slowed all other processes to a crawl while losing track of itself.  a complete and utter failure at filling my need to put my favorite old 78 records into a form that i can listen to often.  don\'t waste your time on this one as it most assuredly will.  ', "i have definitely known what it has been like with so many people in the mp3 craze. it has been so popular, people aren't buying music anymore from the basic music mom & pop shops anymore. while that has been the case, the ones that majority of people have went to are the ipods. since they came out a few years ago, apple has truly lead the mp3 player market at least 2 to 1. while there have been so many different styles of ipods like the regular, the ipod mini and the shuffle, there is one that can be just easier to take anywhere your heart desires from the inside of your pocket. this is it.  the apple ipod nano edition, is a far better version than the lackluster ipod shuffle was when it was introduced. this mp3 player device can hold just about the same amount of songs as the ipod mini, 1,000 songs, yet it is so small you can just just put it conviently anywhere. the ipod nano has all the abilities that the regular ipod and the ipod mini have, with a convient lcd screen, that displays the menu and songs well. while it does have some bright spots, there is one disadvantage with this device. although it is uniquely well, it has a short battery life, and not as much as some other mp3 players have. even the ipod mini have a slightly longer battery life by just only 4 hours.  while there are so many different mp3 players on the market, the apple ipod nano is a great buy for anybody who wants to get into the mp3 craze while it is hot. i have tried this quaint player in the stores, and i liked it a lot, and ipod know you will too.  portability: b+  display: b+  price: b  enjoyment: b 1/2+  overall: b 1/2+  ", "this new product from creative i feel will be sure to take over the market. first lets name thr competitors. the rio carbon 5 gb. and the ipod mini 4 gb. lets go on to compare them. the  ipod mini is a so called legend but i dont think so cause first of all it only has 4 gig compared to the carbon and the mini which have 5 thats 25% more. then the carbon and the creative mini have a voice recorder and the creative mini has a fm radio and a recorder. the ipod mini has a touch pad which the creative mini also has. the carbon does not have this but has an auto dj that chooses your favorite songs and your least favorites. the ipod mini does not have this but the creative one does. like the adress book and such in the ipod mini not to fear the creative one has those too.the carbon does't. both minis also feature backlit buttons. but the creative mini also has a cool light on the edge of player. carbon doesn't. plus the ipod mini cant play wma the others can. plus on the creative mini the touch pad is not  circle and has no buttons on it. now lets name what all have. creative has fm radio and recorder,voicerecorder, adress book and such, backlit buttons, touch pad, auto dj, 10 colors. the rio carbon has 5 gb , voice recorder, auto dj, extremely small.the ipod mini has 4 gb, no fm, no voice rrecorder, adressbook and such, . (...)  ", 'replacing the ipod mini in the middle of apple\'s ipod line, the nano fills the spot nicely, bringing a lot of nice features and a few compromises.   the nano uses flash memory chips for storing the music and data, unlike the 1" hard drive found in the mini and 1.8" drive in the full-size ipods. the benefits of the flash memory are multifold - battery life is very good, there\'s no skipping, and no chance of damage to moving parts from shock. an added benefit is that songs load up instantly, unlike on hard drive based ipods where there would be a slight delay as the hard drive spun up if the song requested wasn\'t in the memory buffer.  the nano also takes cues from its bigger brothers, with a very bright color screen with higher resolution than the mini\'s (176x132 vs. 138x110), photo viewing capability, and the signature white and silver body. it also has a few exclusive features, including a nifty stopwatch, a screen lock feature styled after a combination lock, and an enhanced clock. unfortunately like the mini, you can\'t install mac os x on it and use it as a boot disk.  in usage, the nano works like a charm, though the bottom-mounted headphone jack takes a little getting used to after four years of it being on top. battery life ranges from 12-15 hours in mixed usage, with it coming in on the low side if i listen to high-bitrate files (probably has to read from more memory). the screen is wonderful when the backlight is on, but visibility outside isn\'t as good as the old monochrome screens.  despite its positives, the nano has some things that aren\'t so great. the headphone jack is located on the bottom and has no additional connector like on past non-shuffle ipods, so the remote control no longer has a place to plug in. this also means that accessories that use the remote port like fm transmitters will not work. it goes without saying the accessory manufacturers will produce a ton of goodies for the nano by virtue of it being an ipod, so the concern is mainly for ipod owners with existing accessories or things on the market currently that won\'t work with the nano.  in going with a clear plastic/stainless steel design like the big ipods, the nano is more scratch and dent prone, unlike the mini, which was a tank with its rugged aluminum casing. i\'ve already scuffed the back of the nano after only five days of usage, while my 18-month old mini looks virtually new. the nano also features a miniaturized version of the excellent click wheel, which can be a little tough to work for those with big fingers. it doesn\'t depress as far and the center portion is flush with the unit, which makes selecting things a bit tough occasionally.   of note is that the nano cannot connect to your computer over firewire, though it will charge. usb is the only way to sync, and users with the older usb spec will be waiting a while to fill up the nano. even with photo viewing abilities, the nano cannot output it to a tv like big color ipods, so the implementation is halfway since the screen is too small for any extended viewing. on this initial firmware revision (1.0), navigating back and forth through menus can get a little laggy at times, with the menus not coming on smoothly if you press the buttons too fast.   after countless ipods apple still has not included an easily-replaceable battery, so when it eventually dies you\'ll either have to send it back to apple or attempt to crack the nano open. the lithium-polymer battery apple uses will last anywhere from 18 months to 3 years depending on how often it\'s recharged and how it\'s used. running your ipod until it\'s completely dead (total discharge) is bad for the battery, and will cut down on its lifespan.  apple\'s been bringing the price of ipods down steadily, but has been accomplishing this partly by cutting down on accessories packed in the box. my 3g ipod came with a wealth of goodies, but the nano only comes with the omnipresent white earbuds, a cd, usb cable, and a piece of plastic to enable the nano to fit into future docking accessories. the buds look neat, but the sound quality leaves much to be desired. picking up a quality pair of headphones will do wonders for your auditory experience.  i\'ve owned every ipod since the original 5gb unit all the way back in 2001. for its greater capacity and use as a backup drive i\'m keeping my 60gb ipod photo around, but for daily use the nano is where it\'s at. it deftly combines the advantages of the flash-based shuffle with the perks of the full-sized ipods and adds its own unique tricks to the bag. packing 4gb of flash memory with all of its advantages at a decent price is no small feat, and the smallness of the the design has to be held to be believed. not many reservations, and definitely recommended.  ', 'this product is an excellent alternative to the ipod. its features are great ranging from a line-in jack to built in microphone to an fm tuner. however the headphone jack on my player wore out eventually and so i unscrewed the back and inserted a small piece of aluminum into a side of the jack and now i get full sound again. a small hassle but an awesome product overall.  ', 'it so cheap in quality almost seems like a toy. this items should be in the price range of $15.  ', "the sony bean is junk; the access door is weak and breaks easily. mine broke after using for 2 months, the warranty is 3 months but since this was a christmas present, the warranty had expired. sony offered to do a exchange for the unit at a price that exceed the purchase price by $30. i would never purchase a sony bean again. additionally i am very disappointed is sony's proposed resolution to the issue.  i now have an ipod - it works great   ", "forget about buying an ipod, please!! i'm not against them but if you can find better mp3 players, like this one. maybe all u need in just one device.  after a long search i found this player, small, light, with many functions included.   if you want to rip audio from anywhere, you'll only need this player and of course, the line-in cable; no pc needed. it's just that simple.  the video playback is great. i think that no more can be ask. the software included compress video like in 3:4, keeping a good sound and video quality.  you can read .txt files, no .doc (word) or .pdf (acrobat), just .txt; but for the price i paid i wouldn't ask for more.  the games are not the last but they'll entertain you, i can assure you. 2 of the 4 games included have motion detection.  great audio quality output, no regrets till now.  the earbuds are not bad as some people say, are not like the greatest but there are others (like the ones that come on sansa players) that have no comparision with this ones.  one of the bad things is that there aren't accesories for this player, i've been looking but nothing. in samsung's website you'll find but for other players, so if you know any for this one please let me know. i bought a philips fm trasmitter but i need a dock or something to keep it stand up on any part of my car but near the radio.  so, mp3, wma, ogg, mpg4, jpeg can be play; eq with 3d ss, games (3-axis, so you'll have to shake the player in order to move some characters..mm), fm tunner, voice rec, line-in rec, flash memory,  view txt files, easy navigation, playlist, 7 play modes, audio and txt bookmark, audio loop mark; i think i'm forgetting something.  if you can, buy the 2gb model. i have the 1gb and i need more space. no expandable memory :( but if i have the chance to buy this one again, i will. i think samsung made this product thinking on almost everything. this is one of the most complete mp3 players i've ever found, believe, is difficult to find another one for the offered price.  ", "i've owned this player for about 2-3 weeks and have been generally very happy with it...  until today that is...  like some other have reported my player will no longer power on.  in my case it is not due to overcharging, i was using the player and it was almost fully charged.  just in case i just tried to charge it, but it won't even begin to charge.  the problem happened when i chose a song to play, instead of the song starting to play normally it suddenly started playing the music funny (like super fast-forward) then it powered off and won't turn back on.    i didn't buy a protection plan so i guess i am going to have to contact sandisk for support.  i didn't see anything on their website about this issue.  before this problem i would have rated this player with 4 stars  ", 'battery life is absolutely atrocious.  i have had the battery replaced twice, and still i have less than 2 hours battery life.  and when the battery drains, all music/photos stored on the internal hard drive are gone....have to reload from a pc.  worst product i ever bought.  ', 'i owned this device for 5 months and it just stopped working... i went though all the proper channels for repair and was told they want at least $25.00 to "work" on my warranty repair. it turns out only parts are covered for a year and labor only for 3 months. this is not what i call standing behind your product.  don\'t buy creative products! not only are they poorly made, but creative knows this and doesn\'t stand behind their own products.   ', 'i have two creative zen nano plus mp3 players. one i use just for my metal music and one for old rock and country songs. the player worked for awhile just fine. after a few months, the player turned into crap. every song on the player was deleted and i tried to turn it on, but it refuses to turn on. i tried to find an answer on creatives website but i couldnt get an answer and i couldnt email the company. while my other mp3 player works just fine, this player i bought sucks. a waste of money.   ', "its supposed to be an mp3 player.  you put files on it and they play.  whats so hard about that.  sony has made this as difficult as possible to do.  all your mp3 files have to be run through their program before they get onto the machine, they get renamed and re-formated to some propriatary file system, and if the mp3 is not formated with author, title, date, time serial number etc exactly as sony likes it this system screws around with the file so you can't find it on the mp3 player.  this is a disgusting hunk of over-engineered junk.    ", 'the ipod is an amazing device that eliminates the need to carry around thousands of cd\'s, and allows one to create master mixes of their favorite music. the ipod photo even lets you at 25,000 of your favorite photos and place them in a nifty slide show viewer. yes, that\'s all wonderful and great, but there are some buyer beware issues with the apple ipod. first of all, sometimes the ipod will "decide" to not work properly, i.e the turn dial will not turn, the ipod will die on its own, the battery won\'t last that long. i have owned my 30 gig pod for about eight months now and it has acted funny since i got it. i try to take care of it the best that i can, but sometimes it seems that the ipod has a life of its own and can decide when it wants to work and when it wants to take a day off. still, it\'s a remarkable piece of electronics and i highly recommend purchasing some kind of mp3 player if you are a jogger, biker or a music collector/lover.   ', "i really wanted to love this little player and for the first 40 days or so i did.  i like the ipod too but i'm a big emusic fan and i wanted a very portable player for my workouts that i could play my music with absolutely no digital rights management.  with the exception of the always klunky creative software i loved this player.  great form factor, good sound, and pretty easy to navigate.  now the really bad news.  while hooked up to my computer one day it simply stopped working.  i could not turn it on.  a completely dead unit 4o days or so after purchase.  i contacted creative and that is when i started to feel like i was hooked up to a machine that repeatedly kicked me in the groin.  first i had to undergo about a week of back and forth emails trying to get me to fix what i knew was an unfixable problem.  they strongly suggested i return it to the reatiler but amazon said it was not returnable.  finally i recieved an rma number.  then i packaged up and shipped at my expense their defective product.  after another week they contacted me and now it is time for me to pay a $25 rma fee.  that is what you have to pay them for their defect.  so they give you a number to call.  toll free?  i think not unless you live in stillwater, ok.  open on weekends to process their excessive fee.  think twice.  so that is where i am right now in the creative customer service jail.  certainly the detainees at guatanamo bay are getting better treatment.  hopefully they will ship me a new player that doesn't break again immediately.  these guys will never be able to compete by treating their customers with such disregard.  ", 'i love my little zen. i\'ve had mine for about 4 months now and am incredibly happy with it. its so small and convenient. i\'m subscribed to napster\'s "to go" service and it works seamlessly with that. i dont travel a whole lot but occasionally i\'ll take a 2 or 3 hour bus ride and my zen makes it go so much faster. i use it mainly for when i work out. its perfect because it so small i just carry it in my hand while running. the headphones included are not so good but i have a pair of sonys that have lasted me years now that i use. the greatest thing about it was that i accidentally left it in the pocket of a pair of jeans and then put the jeans through the wash. the little guy survived an entire wash cycle and still works perfectly. imagine that! i did let it dry out on the window sill for a week before turning it on.... but i didnt think it would still work. zen, i love you!  ', 'the player itself is ok but the customer service and support at samsung is the worst i have ever been through.  after 5 phone calls, 10 disconnects, and over 10 hours on hold, they have promised for the fifth time they would get back to me.  the player is supposed to come with 1 month of free downloads from your choice of three services.  none of them will give you more than one week of free connect time and will still charge for each download.  samsung cannot seem to fix the problem and has an i do not care attitude.  avoid them and their products if possible.  ', 'stay away from creative - far away. they only want your money. the unit itself - a creative zen 20 gb - has a few quirks but operated sufficiently. however, it did not hold up well and each time a repair was made, we were charged $100 minimum. now, just over a year later, the headphone jack no longer makes contact. we were told &quot;this unit is no longer supported&quot; but we were offered a refurbished unit (now, where did that come from?) for a price more expensive than a brand new 30 gb unit. i thinks its time to get an ipod.<br>consider me a disgusted, former customer of creative. i will never buy their products again. i expect a several hundred dollar item to last longer than a year and to be supported as well.  ', "after about a year of service, the link between my machine and the computer stopped working.  i attempted to get te problem fixed by calling &quot;customer service&quot; and was put on hold for a ridiculous length of time.  then i was told to download a useless interface.  the end result is that i am going to get a new mp3 player that isn't made by this manufacturer.  ", 'this product is easy to download music easy to operate for a great low price.  no un-necessary plugs and cords to keep up with and you can also store data.  ', 'a very beautiful and inteligently built mp3 and pvp. very sharp picture and colors are really great to enjoy but.........but bad and discouraging thing about it comes with a full sized remote without markings, u keep guessing which button does what function and the other thing is its disk type docking station and with that u can not stand straight your dvr on yr table or on top of yr tv or any other surface and in that case your remote wont take any command either and thirdly connecting cables for docking station to tv,vcr,dvd are so short u may need to put your docking station very close to out signals of tv,vcr,dvd or whatever to make it work and lastly battery life is 8 to 10 hours at the most and not as claimed 17 hours. if u buy it buy additional battery for sure...........i returned the item after 10 days, what will u do i wont comment.......very plus of it is quick and easy vedio or audio recording from any source.... and despite of all shortcomings i give it 4 star rating hoping that manufacturer will remove them which is very posssible to make it loveable of every one.   ', 'for one, i am not a fan of apple as a company and will always buy anything but an ipod.  from quite a bit of research i figured the creative zen was one of the better options.  this player generally works fine, but has two flaws that really bother me!  one of the most important features of an mp3 player is the ability to put all your music in it and then hit "random play" to have it cycle through your music.  this does about as bad a job of that as could be possible.  it will constantly feed you some of the same songs on a regular basis while seemingly never getting to some of the others.  as a software developer, this really bothers me because programming a random search algorithm is generally one of the easier things you can do, and if you need to pair that with keeping a little document to reference of what has already been played so as not to repeat things too soon, that also is not hard for even the most junior programmer to do (i.e., creative has no excuse why this feature is so bad).  then the fact that it does such a poor job of this has to make you wonder about just what else doesnt work so well but isnt so obvious.  some of the other negative reviews here indicate other problems that i havent encountered, but would be indicative of some poor programming by creative.  i think the menu system leaves a bit to be desired as well and results in too much navigating and clicking around to do simple things (i.e., the software is not as well designed or configurable as it could be).  i am also pretty sure this unit doesnt allow you to record the radio, but it is so hard to tell because their documentation is thoroughly inadequate and doesn\'t even give a basic walkthru of 90% of the features.    now to the thing that irriates me the most.  i am not one who cares to buy music online... so 95% of the mp3s i have come from being ripped from my cd collection.  the software program that comes with this, of course is geared to work with this particular player.  so, if you rip using it, it will do more work and can save a copy to your player and your computer hard drive at the same time at a very decent speed.  it is a much quicker process than using windows media player or music match jukebox to rip the music and then copy it to your player.  after spending 2 hours shuffling cds and ripping directly to the player, i realized it was ripping in wma format.  that sucks, because i want mp3s... as long as i am taking the time to shuffle cds and rip, i want to be able to burn the same mp3s to cds so that i can burn them to cd for archiving and play the mp3 cds in devices that can do that... mp3s tend to work on all brands, not wmas.  anyway, i go to the settings area of creative\'s software package and change the setting for it to rip to mp3... and low and behold, i can do that... only if i buy their mp3 ripping support package at an additional $9.99.  wtf?  yeah... nice... it is an mp3 player, but i have to pay more to rip my cds to mp3 format!  there is no technical reason for this... it simply means creative is using the opportunity to withhold a feature you will want so they can get more money from you.  there is no other way to put that.  it is pathetic and unnacceptable!    contacting their technical support is absolutely useless because they clearly will not read your problem and respond to it in a personalized manner.  instead, you will get form responses stating their policies or pointing you to "how to do it with windows media player 10".  i am sorry, but if i am paying $150+ for the player, i certainly expect the software to do all the standardly expected things.  i did not see any disclaimer on the box about having to pay extra for mp3 ripping.  i went back and forth complaining to creative about this particular issue and how i felt it was wrong for them to charge for it.  all i got them to admit was it was something that was available in prior versions of their software that is not available any longer without buying the package for mp3 support.  after many iterations, it got to the point where their responses didnt even match the situation... prompting a new term, i will call e-ignoring me.  ; )    this is why this player deserves only 2 stars.  the unacceptably bad random feature (which requires you to skip songs regularly) is worth a star deduction in itself, but their terrible customer service and price gouging policies are truly unacceptable.  there has to be a better option than a creative player and i would recommend most people look for it.  when buying something like this, you shouldn\'t have to get additional software and i have talked to many people who own players from other companies where the software does rip to mp3 without further charge.  ripping through an external program and then loading the player does work here, but it is certainly slower.  windows media player makes the process too cumbersome for my taste.  music match jukebox does ok, but they purposely make the ripping process slow and then constantly bug you with popups to try to get you to upgrade their software with their own $9.99 (or more) purchase.  i am tired of companies always trying to make a buck at the expense of the customer.  with music match, i understand, the basic player is free... with creative, sorry, we already had to pay for the product, to have to may more to rip mp3s is essentially making us pay $10+ more for a product we already purchased.    as others have pointed out... this will not hold the amount of songs they advertise because no one sane uses an 64kb rate... even 128kb is hardly good enough.  i do 160kb and will end up getting between 600 and 700 songs on this unit.  but, this "problem" is the same on all players, their song claims are just unrealistic to the real world... just know that going in... if you want oodles of songs, go for the hard drive models that hold 30gb... but, 700 songs is alot more than it seems and the flash memory players are still better for running and such... jolting and bouncing has no effect on them in terms of theoretical wear and tear.  if not for the fact that returning electronics is a pain and there are usually restocking fees, i would have returned this unit.  i bought my son one as well that has not been opened and since that will have the same problems i encountered with mine, we are returning it.  i told creative i wanted them to give me the mp3 support i expected for free or i would return my son\'s unit and post this honest (but unflattering) feedback here.  they would not even acknowledge my request (which i think was reasonable), so here my honest assessment is.  you might disagree with my assessments, and that\'s fine, but if i read what i am writing here, i would have not bought this player... and i wish i would have at least known all of this before hand.  then i could have made an educated choice rather than be so disappointed by the things this player and software do poorly.     ', "i have a creative labs 256 mb mp3 which was enough for my needs because i don't get a chance to listen to music for long periods of time. i brought my husband a creative nomad jukebox zen xtra 40 gb mp3 player for xmas and he loves it. we use it when we do long distance driving. i really liked his player and it was in my opinion much better and much cheaper than the ipod. i was looking for something with the same features only much smaller. i looked at the ipod mini and it was too costly for only 1gb.  then i saw it! radio shack had this really cool looking mp3 player for just $99.00 after rebate and besides the awesome look, it was 5gb. it was the exact size i was looking for to fit in my small purse. i like the fact that it displays what song is playing, who the artist is and you can even search while the music is playing.  the only complaint i have is that you have to use the same computer to download the music or it will wipe out whatever is loaded when you do a sync with the crappy software. the volume is fine for me as i am not trying to lose my hearing anytime soon. thanks to the previous reviews, i did learn about the updates for volume control which i will be checking and downloading. the ear buds are not worth complaining about because i always use my own earbuds. let's face it, you usually get crappy headphones with most systems anyway. my advice, tape the plastic that comes with it on the face until you get a case for it so that it doesn't get scratched up. everyone who got the ipod, did so because of the fad. this is better than the ipod mini and i would highly recommend you get this.       ", 'i decided to get a portable xm that could record.  i love to listen to coast to coast am, but i can not stay up and hear it at 1am.  i decided on the inno for myself and went to get it.  last minute at the store my husband wanted an xm, but was hesitant to spend the extra money for the inno.  that was about a month ago. last night he went ahead and bought an inno for himself.  the nexus, while cheaper, did not function as well.  he had a hard time finding his recordings and they did not seem to play in order.  overall he felt that instead of an upgrade from an old roady, this was a step back. it did not work well, he had lots of problems with playing music he loaded onto the unit.  the screen was not in color.  it would lock up a lot. it was a pain to carry the passport everywhere with the nexus.  i would recommend getting the inno.  in the long run you will be much happier.  ', 'this product was great until it started freezing all the time, even during recording. all this in less than one month after purchase.  ', 'do not buy this item. i brought 2 and they both failed within 2 weeks. you get what you pay for.  ', 'worked ok as an mp3 player and fm tuner.   (reception marginal).  however, my son dropped it from 3 ft onto ceramic tile and that crashed the harddrive.  permanently dead.    that is too fragile for a portable music device.  ', "i recently purchased this product and expected a lot from it. the overall design is sleek and the advertised features impressed me. while the price tag is a bit steep, i nevertheless forked out the cash. to my surprised i was very disappointed by its performance. the usb cable was flimsy and didn't seem to fit my player properly, my computer would not recognize the device. i was forced to use an extra usb cable i had. while the music transfer was a breeze, my player began to get extremely hot in minutes. and froze on several occasions. while this might merely be one time malfunction, nonetheless for the 250 dollars i paid i expected a lot more. i would not recommend this product.  ", "the classic is a very good product but!!! i give it 1 star because you have to buy a universal dock to use it apple does not tell you this when you buy the unit. just what i need is more gear to carry on a plane if you don't want to mess with docks and stuff to plug an i pod into a tv at a hotel stick with the 5 gen. oh yeah it runs a little slugish besides.  ", 'well, first off...i ordered this item in november, and got it in january.  they ended up sending me two and charging me twice.  the picture says it is red and black, but it is red and silver.  which made me mad.  then, it isn\'t even recognized on my windows system, so i download the hardware they ask me to, and it doesn\'t help.  now i\'ve had this iriver for about a week, and i haven\'t been able to get any songs on it.  i read the instructions, and it was not clear whatsoever.  it skipped around to different things and didn\'t stay on track like, "1. plug it in, 2. insert disk"  it would go from "1. plug it in, 2. fm radio keys"    it was hard to follow, and i have kept messaging tech support for www.iriveramerica.com.  they made me sign up for an "ebox" because they only would email me directly through their website, it kept going down, and the messages have trouble sending.  i have gotten one response from about 4 emails.  now, i sit here with my iriver.  it has no songs, and it won\'t hook into my computer.  i tried recording some songs onto it through its recording mic...but i had a few bad recordings, and can\'t even figure out how to delete them.  i really wish i didn\'t buy this product.  it is not user friendly.  ', 'i consider myself a well-versed computer user and have used a few mp3 players in my time, including my current 30gb creative zen vision m. i purchased (2) iriver t30 players for my daughters christmas presents in 2006. both napster and iriver expressed that these players were compatible with the napster to go service. i made the choice to purchase based on their compatibility and price, but i forgot the old saying, "you get what you pay for!"  i have not succeed with downloading any music into either of these players as of yet. both have very old firmware installed and for whatever reason, will not accept the new updated firmware. and yes, i know about having to run xp with service pack 2...that is exactly what my computer is running. after contacting both iriver 3 times and the seller 4 times, i still have not reached a satisfactory agreement for replacement. i would feel differently if only one player had issues, but both are unusable and i would never recommend this product to anyone. i would, however, recommend creative zen products. they are high quality, sturdy and the company stands behind everything they sell, not like other companies that hide when problems occur.  ', 'i have had this mp3 player for several months.  i was able to deal with the the machine freezing (by keeping a paper clip handy and pressing the reset button).  i also had a lot of patience when entire cd\'s were mysteriously disappearing and i had to upload the cd\'s again.  now, the scroll pad/volume bar is not working at all rendering this player practically useless.  (if i select "all" i can hear each song on every cd in alphabetical order but that\'s about it.)    i\'m trying to figure out if i can send this in for repair or just consider it useless and go for the toshiba gigabeat (30 gb) which seems to be pretty reliable.  i received the iriver as a gift but wouldn\'t dare buy any of their products and would strongly advise anyone else against throwing their money away on iriver.   ', "i bought the sony hd3 in lieu of the ipod because of all the reviews i read stating that sony had the best sound. i was not disapointed with the sound--it's amazing. however, i had to exchange it after only four days because the flimsy power button bent when my fingernail accidentally slipped under it. the power button on this device is very thin and should anything get caught underneath it, it will easily bend. this is something sony should consider modifying with the hd5 that is scheduled to be out this year.   also: the software is not the best but not as bad as some reviews would lead you to believe.   the best reason to buy this mp3 player: the sound--it's awesome. also the battery life is a plus but don't count on getting 30 hours unless you convert to the sony format.   ", "if all you want to do is backup photos this is a great product.  if you hope to also use it as a portable media player be warned - it does not support .mpeg2 files which is the most common mpg format for video.    it will not play videos taken on some digital cameras.  the resolution is far poorer than that on digital cameras so you are best off reviewing photos on your camera.  in short, if you want a spare hard drive to store your photos on, buy it.  other than it's pretty much useless.  ", "the zune arrived quickly, but it didn't work. i had to send it to microsoft and they sent me a new one. it took over two weeks to get it back.  ", "this product worked well for 5 workouts.  then the buttons stopped working.  new batteries didn't help. still, it was cheap and i understand the whole mp3 thing now.  i'll buy something better next.  ", 'i bought the samsung 1gb about a month ago and havent put it down since! the pros: the sound quality is good, but i use other ear phones, transfering music is simple and the clear easy to read screen is great.  the only problem that i have found is how the music is sorted. i should pick the manual and read it, but its a minor inconvenience..this is definitely worth the money.  ', "it is awesome! it is pretty eas to use, but beware of some problems of not working perfect with windows. (which i have) other than that, it is the best mp3 player i have evr gotten (i have gotten 2 others) it can store text files, contacts, and all that stuff. even though it's a music player, the four games are actually pretty fun! (brick/breakout, music quiz, parachute and solitare) i saved up for over a year to get one, and i dont regret it!  ", "first of all, for everyone who thinks that only the ipod has style--take a look at the iriver. it's sleek and sexy as well as being fairly light. the controls are easy to use and figure out. the only gripe i have is that the power button should be recessed so it isn't so easy to turn it on and off if the player is in your purse or your pocket. it does have a locking mechanism so no harm no foul.  the playlists can be generated through windows media or you can generate a quicklist on the fly. i would suggest using media player unless you are just compiling a list of a few songs.  the sound quality is excellent! and the headphone provided are ok considering they are the freebie type. the radio and voice recorder are also excellent--and there aren't many mp3 players that include both at this price! ahhh and the battery life is really good! it lasts for about six to seven hours for me.  overall, this is a great player, with a great look, great sound, and excellent value. if you don't want to get locked into the itunes monopoly and want more flexibility with services such as rhapsody, napster, or yahoo music this player is for you.   ", 'regret purchasing it.  it is not user friendly as the ipod. like the old sony software, toshiba seems to be afraid of people stealing copyrighted music where it becomes a pain to load in your own music.  there is no drag-and-drop which would makes things a lot easier.  toshiba can correct the problem like sony did by updating their software, making it more intuitive.  until it does, which is not likely, i do not recommend you purchasing this product.  ', "this item was returned to the manufacturer. it was great to look at and had wonderful sound. the graphics were really good but overall it's a poorly made unit. there's a lot better buys out there than this one.  ", "okay, the thing looks great and feels tinier than the previous generation of nano and that's a good thing. there is roughly 7.5gb free space for storage and that's a good thing.  however! buyer beware, because i have found one important negative detail, which is one serious glitch:  approximately 1 in 3 of the mp3 file's i uploaded to the 8gb nano won't play. instead the screen turns black with a white apple logo displayed for approximately 5-6 seconds, then the screen goes off completely for a moment, then reboots to the black screen with the apple logo for a few seconds then displays the main menu. sometimes the root folder of the mp3 file that didn't work is removed from the directory tree.  i haven't found anything online about this glitch--as far as a firmware update or if this problem is widespread. as much as i love it and want to keep it, i will probably be returning this ipod and waiting for a more stable version to be released.  :'(  ", "this mp 3 player is great... no doubt about it. it easy to use and has a cool screen. sounds better than any stereo i've heard before. a little over $100 is a bargain!.  ", 'used it twice. not happy at all.<br>battery last about 3 hours, if you are lucky.<br>no bass, neither treble feature.<br>no lcd.<br>no feature to avoid music skip  track.<br>sound not as good as other mp3players.<br>the only good thing about the product is the easy you can add you songs or files (drag and drop). despite that, none.  ', "i received this about 2 years ago, when it was first released and very expensive. it is still the only mp3 player i have ever owned and does the job. compared to newer mp3 players this is a `toy', with limited functionality, memory, and lack of video, pictures, etc. it is extremely basic. the biggest problem is with battery life - it is horrible!! absolutely horrible battery life. it uses 1 aaa and it eats through batteries like crazy. that has been the biggest downfall. the software it's bundled with is ok, but not very intuitive; i still have a hard time figuring out how to transfer music easily. the player is extremely compact and the headphones are ok - nothing fancy. i've used the voice recorder a lot and also the fm radio, and both offer good reception. the on/off dial is a button that you have to hold down and it takes quite a while to start up/shut down. you can scroll through songs, fast forward, rewind, and the songs seem to be played alphabetically by song title (unless i just haven't figured how to change that). this isn't a player for people who love music, because it doesn't hold too many songs - between 60 and 120. i've outgrown this, and technology has surpassed what this player is capable of; this is a bare-bones player that doesn't hold much and doesn't do much. great for a run in the park, but the battery probably won't even last that long. unlike others, this has never broken on me or malfunctioned. there are much better options available now in mp3 players, so look around for something better.  ", 'as with most folks that are new to mp3 players we tend to go with what\'s well advertized and, well "hot". so we look towards ipod. after looking at the price tag of the ipod and hearing of the difficulties with i-tunes. i did some research and found this product to be superior in every way. it has many sound options that ipod does not, it is more compact, it works with many on-line music store programs, it has an fm radio, (ipod does not) it is cheaper! why ipod? go with this little beauty, you\'ll be much happier.  ', 'i wished i had read all of the reviews for this when i bought mine two years ago. it is worse than a piece of junk because i paid too much money for it and it is useless. the buttons are not easy to use, when i think i am turning it up, i have somehow skipped to the fm radio and cannot seem to get back, other times it seems to cycle through the same 5 songs for no apparent reason. i am still very bitter about spending so much money for a worthless piece of junk - not to mention all the time i have spent trying to make it work.   ', 'within 4 months of use, the screen went blank.(the screen going out is a common problem)  sent it in to be repaired.  it took 3 months to get it back.  when we got it back it was dead!  i have called customer service so many times but they never return any calls.  they have been useless.  i would not buy this product because any problems will only cost you more $$$$$$ to replace the unit.  ', 'got mine from sonystyle.com just yesterday. after playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.  first and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious. 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower. even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.   i suspect the codec/dsp in the sony are still designed for their propreitary atrac3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support. in fact converting a mp3 file to atrac3plus (with included software) sounded better than just mp3 file. inspite of this hassle, it was still below mp3 quality from other players.   the battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by sony. no complaints on that front. the backlight lcd display is a nice bonus too. the size/volume is significantly more than the ipod shuffle.  the user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand. as a result it more cumbersome and confusing than apple/iriver players.  in short this awkwardly named "mp3" music player is a step in right direction for sony but is still below average. price is right but not the quality.  ', "the archos gmini 402 is possibly the best video mp3 player on the market today. i just got this player on christmas and it is awesome. in one day i put 20 albums, 14 family guy episodes, the family guy movie, and 2 simpsons episodes on it. i still have 14gb left. the games are pretty cool, but you only get short demos, but i didn't buy a video mp3 player for games. they do come in handy when you are bored.   just quickly, here are two cons that i can think of, the scrolling is kinda slow, and volume isn't too loud if you are a person that likes to blast music.   in the box you get the mp3 player, headphones with their own volume control, a converter to be able to use 2 sets of headphones at once, a charger, a cord to outplay music or video on the tv or stereo, 2 usb cords, and a protective pouch. it also has a owner's guide and some fold out instructions.  i am also pretty sure that it works with napster, it has the plays for sure sticker. the software itself is about 1.35 gb. i know this because i accidentally formatted my gmini 402. it got rid of everything. but i was able to put my music and video on it in about 15 minutes, and retrieve all of the demos off of the archos website. the only thing that i lost for good is the read-me files that are in 6 different languages, if you just don't understand technology then you might need it but it just freed up more video and music space for me! anyways you can just go to the website and look at the read-me there.  i have read a few other reviews on the gmini 402, and i guess a few people just do not know how to use mp3 players. trust me, the archos gmini 402 works with windows media player 10 and windows xp. it says it on the box! it is so easy to use too. just drag the music or video that you want into the sync list and make it go. some video files are not compatible with the archos gmini 402, but windows media player automatically converts it for you. it takes about 5-7 minutes to convert a family guy episode. that is pretty fast compared to other programs.   the battery life for the gmini 402 is 4 hours video, 10 hours music. it takes about 4 hours to go from a dead battery to a full charge. ya so the new video ipods can do like 18 hours of music but please, 2 hours of video!!! you can't watch half of the movies you put on it, unless there is an outlet nearby. and, the video ipod does not come with cool 3d demo games. oh yah, if you have read any of the newspapers lately, some have had articles that critisize the video ipod and psp because it is hard to put video files on them. it's true, it is very difficult, my friend just got a video ipod for christmas and he has to convert all of his video files into mpeg4. he had to get special software too because apple only allows itunes. jeez what a rip. he can only enjoy 2 hours of video, no cool games, and he has to endure hours of converting. the archos gmini402 can play mpeg4, wav, and avi formats in video. i think that there are more that i have forgotten but i hope that you get the point.   the archos gmini 402 is the best video mp3 player that you can find for the low price. it is cheaper than most video players. did you know that the ipod nano is 200-275 dollars depending on the size of the hard drive. don't go wrong and buy some other mp3 player, trust me, you will regret it.  ", 'is ipod, itunes, itunes music store a monopoly?    in the basic sense of the word \'monopoly\', apple has one in the ipod ecosystem.   there are multiple definitions as to what constitutes a \'monopoly.\' there\'s microsoft\'s windows. apple\'s ipod ecosystem. merriam-webster\'s definition. and the legal definition. has apple created a monopoly?   yes. what goes around, comes around. apple\'s ipod ecosystem, which includes the ubiquitous ipod, itunes on mac and windows, and the itunes music store, is truly a monopoly.   or, nearly a monopoly. or, could be proven to be a monopoly. or not. that\'s how law seems to work these days.   thomas slattery sued apple computer, claiming the ipod is configured so that it will only play music from itunes music store and not music from other online stores.   in short, apple is facing a number of federal and state antitrust claims, and a california judge has ruled that the plaintiff (slattery) in this case has met the qualifications which assert a "tying" claim.   the case may now proceed as a monopolization claim under the federal sherman antitrust act and other claims for violation of california\'s antitrust and unfair-competition laws.   microsoft chairman bill gates must be smiling. realnetworks ceo (former microsoft employee) rob glaser probably helped himself to another jelly doughnut.   the judge noted the basic facts: apple has an 80-percent market share for online music sales, and more than 90-percent of the market for portable hard-drive music players.   according to merrium-webster (the only authority who would comment), there\'s a non-legal definition for \'monopoly`:    main entry: mo?nop?o?ly  function: noun  inflected form(s): plural -lies  etymology: latin monopolium, from greek monopolion, from mon- + polein to sell  1 : exclusive ownership through legal privilege, command of supply, or concerted action  2 : exclusive possession or control  3 : a commodity controlled by one party  4 : one that has a monopoly   if windows is a monopoly at 90-percent of operating systems on pcs, then apple can have a near-monopoly on portable music players and online music sales with the ipod\'s ecosystem.   but a monopoly does not illegallity make.   the issue is how apple wields that monopoly and both the plaintiff and the judge in the california case think apple may need to loosen the ipod\'s ecostrings.   it\'s the whole \'closed system` perspective that seems to continue to haunt steve jobs and apple. granted, the ipod ecosystem works very well. no one else has bettered the mousetrap.   that\'s the point. it\'s a trap. mostly. once you buy an ipod, you\'re pretty much obligated to use itunes if you want to listen to music on said ipod.   once you start with itunes, you\'re just a click away from the itunes music store, and, if you\'re an ipod owner, that\'s pretty much the only store from which you can buy tunes that will play on the ipod.   except wal-mart, or tower records, or sam goody, or target, or... you get the idea. there are alternatives, but online it\'s mostly itms or nothing if you\'re an ipod owner.   for example, you can\'t buy music on microsoft\'s music store and play them on your ipod or within itunes (not easily, not legally). but that\'s not apple\'s fault.   then again, microsoft is not the monopolist when it comes to music on pcs. it\'s an also ran. a runner up to the crumbs left by apple\'s stampede.   the lawsuit, and others of similar ilk, have a case, though with many holes. while microsoft abused their monopolistic position by forcing manufacturers to pay for windows on every pc shipped, and to bundle software (illegally, it was determined), apple doesn\'t really \'force` ipod buyers to use itms.   that\'s the difference, and it\'s a big difference. the problem is that you can\'t use other music from other online stores employing drm (digital rights management) not compatible with itunes.   whose fault is that? apple\'s? yes and no.   posted by tera patricks at 9:35 am on monday, february 6 2006  category: news * reader comments (26) * email it  page 1 of 1 pages  reader comments...  jeff says:  the remark about microsoft deliberately modifying windows to make quicktime shaky is not completely true. the quicktime plugin developers did not fully understand what they were doing, and were relying (unknowingly) on an undocumented side-effect. when that changed, they had problems. that was definitely apples fault, not microsofts.   the whole "why won\'t apple license fairplay" issue needs to be considered from a real business perspective. does anyone know for a fact that apple haven\'t said to anyone "sure, you can use it, the one-time cost is $1,000,000,000"? (long term, thats probably not an unrealistic figure)   the courts cannot mandate a price for a company to sell its ip. that would set a precedent that would bring down the us economy.   you might as well sue microsoft for not "making steve jobs an offer he can\'t refuse". that\'d probably be the responsible thing for microsoft to do, where responsible == return the greatest profit to msft shareholders.   hell, apple are already being hauled over the coals for charging 3rd party manufacturers a fee per unit for using ipod-compatible connectors. no-ones suing over that price-gouging, because they can\'t. its not illegal to price your product exorbitantly - if you can\'t afford to make ipod-compatible hardware, thats *your* problem, go make parts for some other mp3 player.   market forces are supposed to sort this one out. your new widget appears on the dell player instead, its an instant hit, people drop the ipod in droves, you get to sleep "on piles of money with many beautiful girls"   the one counter to all of this, that i\'m aware of, is the "inter-operability" argument. that apple should be forced to open its ip up, so that its competitors can inter-operate with it, in the same way that the eu forced microsoft to show the samba guys its internals.   but this is not the same situation - the ipod can already play mp3. the only thing it won\'t do is support "someone elses file format" and thats a function of the business deal between two third parties, the other vendor and the music industry.   if the courts rule that apple has to change its ways so that microsoft and sony can broaden their markets whilst maintaining their current contracts, then they (the courts) have sunk to an amazingly corrupt new low.   posted by jeff on tuesday, february 7 2006 at 11:58 am    ian johnson says:  not a fanboy, however apple built a working system and a good interface to deliver. no one is required to use either one. you can still buy cd\'s and play them on your a cd player. should cassette- er 8-track manufacturers sue them for making cd\'s inoperable in an 8-track slot? you probably can\'t get the new britny spears on 8-track, and there\'s probably a recording of "pac man fever" on cassette that will never make it to cd. it\'s called out with the old and in with the new. it happens. don\'t cry because it just makes it that much harder. primus came out with a brown album on vinyl long after lp\'s were much in vogue.  this is like the "coffee is hot" model with mcdonalds. based on these relatively simple premises:  1. coffee is hot.  2. if at all possible avoid spilling it on yourself.  nobody forces coffee to be hot. it\'s just better that way. do not commandeer a cup of brew unless you feel you are sufficiently able to navigate the liquid as it cools down, into your mouth.  if you don\'t know how to load your ipod with songs that you got like your "pac man fever" cassette. get out your old walkman. and return the ipod for someone more capable. if you want to buy a possiblywillplay (tm) player and load it with songs you can only find on the itunes store burn them on cd in audio format, after all you own a copy of the music, then use your windows media this or that to import the cd. as long as you bought the music you probably won\'t be reported to the riaa for putting your pat boone itunes original collection on your iwinkyoob player.  and to adam, anyone can put their music on itunes, even purple grandma deathkill emo, and apparently keep every penny of the sale from their "knitting with satan" ep. see this on digg   ok ok, i\'m sort of a fanboy and this is mostly a rant, but more importantly i believe that when you dumb stuff down for the least common denominator, everything starts to suck. -hey world, someone come up with a cooler idea for music distribution and delivery format and i\'ll buy it. and in the meantime please keep the whining to a minimum.   posted by ian johnson on tuesday, february 7 2006 at 2:50 pm    idj says:  didn\'t `we\' choose for ipod and itunes? aren\'t `we\' the millions of people that made the same choice? didn\'t `we\' kill the the `others\'.  apple made something that we love, because of the looks, the feel and it\'s easy to use too.  that\'s what we want and we made this monopoly!   `we control ipod\'   posted by idj on tuesday, february 7 2006 at 4:07 pm    jason says:  "for example, you can?buy music on microsoft?music store and play them on your ipod or within itunes (not easily, not legally). but that?not apple?fault."   actually, that is apple\'s fault. they won\'t allow ipods to play any drm\'d music but their own through the itms. and when anyone has tried to make their alternate legal service work with an ipod (like real), they got sued by apple.   the ipod is technically capable of supporting wma and the associated drm. the portalplayer platform they\'re all built on is used in other players that do. similarly, other players could be made to work with apple\'s fairplay drm - there\'s no technical hurdle, it is only that apple refuses to license it.   long story short: apple holds the keys here and it is only their decisions that prevent interoperability (with either players or music stores).   posted by jason on wednesday, february 8 2006 at 10:25 am    fred winston says:  nope, jason. that\'s not it. it\'s still not apple\'s fault that windows media audio, even with drm, won\'t play on itunes. it\'s the drm from microsoft that\'s at fault. not apple. it\'s not an apple licensing issue that other drm\'ed music won\'t play in itunes. it\'s the fault of those that have proprietary drm. the defacto standard for drm is, of course, fairplay. from apple.   posted by fred winston on wednesday, february 8 2006 at 11:25 am    adam says:  fred -  it\'s equally the fault of apple that music bought from itunes won\'t play on other non-apple devices.   defacto doesn\'t mean anything in this context.   posted by adam on wednesday, february 8 2006 at 12:10 pm    kai cherry says:  wow. that\'s all i can say here...after being `hung up on\' by a fellow mac user for picking `the wrong side\' in this non-debate. the fact is, it feels good to be on top, some of us have a deep `love\' for apple.   but love is often blind. apple has an effective monopoly on the online digital music (and soon, probably video) market. this is a fact.   apple has an *overwhelming* market share of the hard disk digital player market...and likely the flash market too. all of this in about 4 years time...from nowhere. sound familiar?   alone, these two things are perfectly alright. but the vertical integration in these two markets, and a lack of interoperability, and fairly aggressive tactics to break interoperability are a problem.   and let\'s not kid ourselves here: *apple* benefits from this far more that the music rights holders. in the beginning, many, many large artists were not playing along, but the fact is, if you wanna move music online, there really isn\'t anywhere else to go.   what\'s really...weird...is that these same points people are using to defend apple\'s position are the same one\'s microsoft proponents were using. the difference is, by the time anyone stepped in to do anything about it, it was far too late. everyone lost.   this is an emerging market. you can argue up one side and down the other about inferior competitive products or whatever, but if someone made a music store that sold songs for a nickel less per, worked with ipod/itunes, and still had drm...there would be more places to shop.   or what of the higher quality audio and video people clamor for? not gonna happen.   as well, if other folks stores could sell players that could play fairplay drm music (and lets be honest...this `they can sell in mp3\' is a strawman; no major content provider is licensing non-drm music/video...stay with reality) then there might be room for some new emerging and compelling players out there.   the likely remedy here tho would be that apple would have to adopt or support another technology; the burden would be on them to interoperate with the rest of the market. and that market uses helix or wma drm.   as it stands, there is a wall there, and there is no way to penetrate it. think about 5, 10 years from now. what if somehow, apple was bought, or was no longer "the apple that we love".   if it were *any other company* would this be "ok"? seems to me that when it was, it wasn\'t. all i\'m sayin\'   posted by kai cherry on thursday, february 9 2006 at 12:49 am    john says:  just a thought, but one can turn around and, looking the other way note that tunes bought from steve only play on (portably) an ipod. that\'s more of a tie that binds....   posted by john on thursday, february 9 2006 at 1:56 am    ', "i owned this player for about 5 months before its cradle stopped functioning.  there are two main faults with it that lead me to advise against this mp3 player.  <p>the first is its poor design.  all of the function buttons are located along its sides.  in order to hold the thing in any natural and comfortable way, your fingers have no other place to go except over the ultra-sensitive function buttons.  the slightest change in pressure will activate any button you are touching.  you'll find yourself accidently pausing, stopping or (worst of all) deleting a song as it is playing very often unless you adopt the incredibly annoying practice of locking the buttons whenever you aren't using them.  but unlike some other players, this also locks the volume button- which means you'll spend lots of time unlocking-changing volume-locking-unlocking-skipping a song-locking.  ugh.  <p>and why any designer would put a one-touch delete button right near your general function buttons is beyond me.  make sure you memorize the layout of the buttons, because it absolutely stinks to delete a song when you just wanted to pause it and there is no second chances once you hit the extremely innocuous and sensitive delete button.<p>the second drawback of this player is how often it seems to break inexplicably.  my player is fine, but if i want to use it anymore i'll have to get a new cradle.  my cradle just decided to stop functioning one day.  it wasn't jostled or banged around, it wasn't dusty or submerged in soda- nothing.  i'd chock it up to bad luck if i hadn't gone on the web the next day and found dozens of unsolved breakages involving this player and its cradle.<p>this unit is slick looking and tiny, but not worth the trouble.  look elsewhere for your mp3 player needs.  you can do much better.  ", 'i really enjoyed running and going to the pool with my previous bean that had the same 1gb storage.  it fits perfectly in my hand and never gave me any trouble until i dropped really hard on the concrete, which was all my fault.  i had, had it forever and missed it so much that i ordered the same one, but in a new color.  i have found it easy to use and copy music onto.  i would definitely recommend the bean!  ', "i bought this for my 30 year old daughter and she loves it.  i didn't want to spend twice the money for an i-pod and bought this figuring that if she got some enjoyment out of it, it would be worth the $180 bucks.  she loves it so much her mother-in-law is buying one for our 9 year old grandson.    ", 'ok... i did my homework and decided the toshiba gigabeat was what i wanted.  i ordered it last thursday and even joined amazon prime so i could get it overnighted for $3.99... just had to have it for the weekend.  first, i loaded over 600 songs on it friday night.  it was great.  while i was listening to those i joined vongo and downloaded 8 movies!! the next day i tried to transfer the movies to the gigabeat... transfer error! oh, but it gets better... all my 600 songs were gone!!!!  hmmmmm, seems i remember reading about a similar problem someone else had in the reviews.  so i reload the songs and finally get the movies to transfer.  later that day i record something off tv and try to transfer that.... error!  this is getting old.  wait, not done.... sunday i fire it up again and guess what.... yep, all 600 songs are gone again!!  so monday morning i contacted amazon and sent it back!  figured i give it one more chance so i told them to ship me a replacement.  if i have any problems at all with this one, it\'s going back for a refund!  obviously toshiba has some quality issues!!! oh, and when i emailed them (toshiba) about the problem, i got the exact same email back that the other guy did... something about turning off the battery for 3 minutes!!  what a joke!  all i can say is beware on this one... seems to be alot of lemons in the mix!!!  note:  amazon has been wonderful to deal with on this, so my rating is based on the performance of the gigabeat, not amazon.  they paid for the defective unit to be returned and sent me a new replacment the next day, before they even received mine back!!  5 stars for them!!  update:  i received the replacement unit from amazon.  i tried transferring movies that i downloaded from vongo... one of the main reasons i bought this unit.  all i got was error messages!!  after numerous attempts i called vongo\'s techincal help line.  "not our problem, must be toshiba"  so i called toshiba\'s technical help line.... you know what\'s coming... "not our problem, must be vongo!"  so the next day it went back for a refund!!  i\'d think twice about wasting your money on this device, it obviously has a lot of bugs to be worked out and i got a real "couldn\'t care less" attitude about it from toshiba!!  ', "after about a week of researching about 25 mp3 players i finally settled on the rca kazoo. i wanted the smallest mp3 player possible, but didnt want to sacrifice great sound. my kazoo delivers for only $... after much research i decided i needed a unit that had: lock (so buttons dont get pushed accidentally), bass boost/ equalizer, digital volume control, big clear display, & fast transfer rate (2.4mb/sec). you'd be supprised many more expensive units dont have all of these features. i also didnt care about other formats since mp3 is the standard & all formats can be converted to mp3 via software. the included software music match & real jukebox are excellent. i just dragged & dropped my mp3 files from explorer into real jukebox. real jukebox lets you set the bit rate you would like and automatically lowers bitrate on files to bitrate you choose to save memory/size. this brigs me to the 1 of 2 drawbacks. although 32 mb is common w/ mp3 players it isnt enough (at 128k bit rate). i plan on ordering a 64 mb mm card (dont pay more than $1/mb if you decide to buy memory). i did find out that at 56k the sound was still awesome & i can hold about 75 minutes of music w/o extra memory. the second drawback doesnt apply to me but i read in one review that this doesnt support mac. if you are a windows user you will be very satisfied!! i can't see why anyone could buy a player w/ a slower transfer rate; usb is the way to go. <br>one last note: the display is large & easy to read. it shows track, time, bit rate, volume, battery, & dsp.  it does not show the name of the current song that is playing the way larger mp3 players do.<br>hope this helps & good luck in your search.  ", 'i loved this player until it failed to boot.  this little player has great sound and useful features.  i used to about 3 months and it no longer boots.  it will go through the flash screens and then hang showing the free memory.  this is the second mp3 player this summer.  the last one that failed was a sandisk.    who makes an mp3 that does not fail?    ', 'i am the unhappy owner of several h10\'s and initially there were minor problems, but the closer they got to the end of the warranty period, the more problems they started having.  problems include freezing up for no apparent reason, scrolling in chinese, and the most irritating is when the "system files are missing" and you have to reinstall the firmware and redownload all of your music (does this alot).  the company doesn\'t believe in customer service - you can\'t get through on the phone and they take days to respond to email.  i have returned two because the hard drives crashed and it took 3-4 weeks to get them back, and then one of them crashed again as soon as i got all the music redownloaded and i had to return it and wait another 3 weeks.  i have a problem with one that has now gone out of warranty and iriver told me they won\'t touch it and to look for a repair shop online.  so save yourself alot of headaches and time, not to mention money, and don\'t buy an h10 player.  ', "i ordered one from antonline through amazon.com . the mp3 player arrived on time. when i open the hard plastic, i saw there's empty storage space. i check the item list from online user guide. i figured earphones,  usb cable, lanyard and 1 lithium ion battery (a replacement battery??). i called sandisk but they asked me to contact the online retailer. i called the online retailer and the lady asked me to send an e-mail to their tech support department and wait. then she hang up my call! that's very rude.  in general, i believe this is the sandisk issue because those items were missing in the brand new, sealed hard plastic container. sandisk is able and capable to prevent this issue. now they just push the responsibilities to the customer and the online retailer.  ", "i actually went from a dell jukebox 20gb to this thing. gotta say, it was pretty weak. i loaded it up full from the 2nd day on and maybe this was the problem but i'm not sure why it glitched out on me all the time.  i had to buy a 1gb player as a backup to my commute!  in any case, you can't edit songs on the player itself, playlists are annoying to edit - but i did love the playlist on the fly function - and the software is like the commodore 64.  brutal.  i had this thing less than 6 mos and sold it for cheap.  never buy this.  never.  ", 'i previously purchased a (white) sony bean and was very satisfied with it.  my son used it so much i gave it to him and purchased the pink one.  i am a huge fan of sony products - they never let me down.  this product was no longer available directly from sony and i was pleasantly suprized that amazon had it.  ', 'after i read millions of reviews of this product, i went to target and bought it.i was sceptical that it would hold enough music for me to be happy with, but decided to give it a try.    several reviewers complained about sony sonic stage..i think its no worse than the i-tunes software and once you get the hang of it (one or 2 days max) its really simple to use, once you buy music from the sony connect store, it automatically downloads to the program, and if you choose, will send straight to your mp3 player as well.its simple to arrange the playlist into folders. one downside is that the sony  connect site is only for sony products, but you can convert to mp3 and burn a cd straight from the program as well. ive come to a conclusion that all the programs want you to buy music, and all will make it hard to exchange music from one computer to another. sony will let you authorize up to 5 computers to accept music from..   i give this 4 stars because the first nwe305 i bought, the cover for the built in usb connector was breaking. i returned it to target, and got a new one, no hassle. the new one i noticed is remodeled slightly from the other one, so i think that the usb cover has been strengthened.   i love the sound quality, and lots of options to choose from on the display. i did get some better headphones from sony. i recommend this, cause i forgot them one day and used a cheapie pair, i couldnt figure out why it sounded so strange. then i realized it was the crappy headphones. it does make a difference! i like the sony ones that go behind your neck. they are the least obtrusive and dont fall off when running.  i happen to love that the thing charges from the computer,no ac adapter needed. the battery lasts days and days after charging an hour max. i really wanted to test the battery myself, so i intentionally left the thing on all night, about 10 hours strait and it was still on 3/4ths battery.   i am pleased with the amount of music i am able to shove into this thing. ive so far put 123 songs on here, with 345 supposed to be max. im at about 1/2 memory left, and lots of my tracks are really long.   i am hoping they will come out with more accessories for this item, i find it odd that the player comes with a spot to hang a lanyard or hook something on it, but there wasnt anything included. its not usually a problem but when i dont have a pocket it is inconvienent.   ', "right when i got my pmc-120 i was really pleased with it.the screen has very good resolution and is very large.the controlls are right where you need them and are very easy to use. there is only a couple things that could be improved though. the built in speaker has no bass and it doesn't go very loud. but all you have to do is plug in the head phones and they have a very good sound quality to them. the rubber cover to the usb port is a little difficult to get out of the way to plug it in buts it's only a minor inconvience. the device could be a little thinner but i like how it fits in my hands. the pmc itself is about the size of a gameboy advance. the movie quality is exellent and it has a fast foward and rewind option, but you can't see the movie while it's fast fowarding it stops at the frame where you started to fast foward. this device blows th ipod video away. my friend has an ipod and he thought that my pmc was extremly better. the iriver pmc-120 is an exellent multimedia device and i would highly recommend it to anyone.  ", 'i would never buy this product.  every time i go to use it i have to put in a new aaa battery.  i have spent as much money on batteries as i did on the player itself.  i have since purchased a different mp3 player!!  ', 'had to return two players.  i went to samsung website to check if there were any firmware updates available for the yp-mt6x player and there were two; one version was 1.101 and the other 2.121.  so, i installed the software provided by samsung to upgrade the firmware to version 2.121 (downloaded from samsung website).  i plugged the player and started the update process.  everything seemed to be ok.  when i unplugged the usb cable the player would no longer turn on.  i had the same exact problem with the second player.  i contacted samsung customer support, they were of no use; i was told to send the player to them for service.  if you buy this player, do not upgrade firmware to version 2.121 or you will have problems.  ', 'this is my first ipod and i love it.  the functionality is excellent and i\'ve found that it lives up to nearly all of the positive notes that others here and elsewhere have written.  however, i have two complaints: one that would not have changed my purchase decision, and another that would have made me buy an accessory earlier.  first, the battery life is nowhere near 18 hours.  i do not use the backlight, nor do i play it very loud.  perhaps the best i have done with battery life is 7-10 hours.  i was so surprised at first that i thought i had accidentally purchased the fist generation mini.  i confirmed that i had the second one. but again, i would still purchase this, regardless.  second, get a case or some other protective cover!  i dropped mine twice outside.  both times were from only a foot or two but were on pavement or asphalt.  the ipod worked flawlessly without any problems at all. but, drops that may have only slightly scratched a plastic case resulted in several small but very noticeable dings and even an actual dent on the corner.  the metal used for these cases must be pretty soft or pretty cheap! if you want to keep your mini looking clean and new over time, and you occasionally have two left hands, you will definitely want to get some type of case or cover for it.  8/31/05:   after using the ipod for months, i realized that it missed a great feature i had on my old rio 500: the ability to bookmark!  i listen to audio books a little more than i listen to music.  though i understand there is an ability to bookmark audible books and that there are various hacks and tricks out there, there is no way to easily bookmark an audio book that you may have imported from cd or elsewhere.  i cannot change my original rating, but: for music, i would keep it at 4 stars.  for audio books, the ipod deserves 1 star!  if you listen primarily to audio books, look elsewhere for a player that allows you to easily bookmark your spot.  12/22/05:  battery life stinks!  i use this mostly for audio books and podcasts, and the best i can get is 2-3 hours before the battery dies.  apple support is the worst!  i sent it back to them for repair: they received it on a thursday or friday, and sent it back on a monday, stating that it was up to their standards.  if i was not now "captive" by having converted many cds to apple format, i would dump the ipod altogether.  ', "you can go with the flow and buy an ipod or you can be smart and buy this awesome device with superior technology.  here's a side by side comparison with the 1gb ipod shuffle:  - number of songs:  ipod (240), sony (680) - battery life:  ipod (12 hours), sony (70 hours)  it's not even a contest!  you don't even need a brain to figure this one out.  you'll waste 6 batteries on a shuffle for every one on sony.  i've never listed to a shuffle but i can say the quality of the music on here is awesome.  however, i must admit i do own stock in apple because i know all those dumb people out there will continue buying them!  ", "i did not know enough able this item to have made this purchase.  it was a gift and the 13 yr old was thrilled.  but we had a really hard time setting it up.  it still isn't up and going.  ", 'after careful consideration of sites like napster and other download music file "to-go" types. the iaudiox5 will not be recognized or music files(drm)will not play. even when the firmware is upgraded to 2.11_b1. also if you have windows xp the drive has to be formatted in fat32 and the max partition is 32g leaving a wasted partition that the iaudiox5 firmware will not use for file storage because it is designed for a single partition. so if you need to "wipe" the iaudiox5 drive windows 98(se)can do this upto 2t in fat32 or a third party software on windows xp os (although it needs to port through usb2.0 as well). ntfs formatting will not work! as the firmware is written to look at fat32 sectors. other than that this unit has many features and functionality that surpasses any ipod!  ', "this mp3 player is basically the best you can get the only problem i had was when i droped it and the volume wheel got messed up but other than that it's the best ever!  ", "i have read alot of the reviews on the iriver, and i can only surmise that : some of these people do not own the iriver player, or they work for ipod. somebody said that the sound was muffled. well they must work for ipod. all digital sound is clean. it's the bit rate that plays a large part in the quality of the sound, and the speakers you hear it thru.  iriver has terrible earphones. i use the sony mdr series and the sound is very crisp. after all what you hear is the speakers, not the mp3 player. some people have said that iriver overstated the battery life. in the manual it say's that 16 hours of battery life is expected at 128 bit rate. most of my music is between 192 and 600 bit rate. do i get 16 hours of battery life? i don't know, as i charge it when i've used half of the life. for me that's about 5 hours of useage.  don't let big industry (ipod) convince you that they make a better mousetrap, that's just hype.       ", 'this player is nice it works very easy with my computer.  it was a little tricky to figure out all of the controls and my fat ape-like hands have trouble using it.  however, it is the right player for me and it seems very durable.  batteries last forever.  have fun  ', "so i have seen two pretty bad reviews here and let me tell you, those people are doing something wrong!  i have had my sony network walkman for 2 days now and i love it!!   this is my first mp3 player and being the technology idiot that i am, i was afraid that i would get this thing and it would take me days to figure out how to use it.  well, within 15 minutes i was beginning the process of transfering the better part of my music collection onto this itsy bitsy tiny little thing.  it was so easy to use the software.  it even came with 5 free music downloads from sonicstage.  the thing i am most impressed with is the sound quality.  the only songs that suffered any quality (only a little bit) are songs that are copies of songs that are copies of songs that are copies of songs.  understandable.  but the rest of them are crystal clear.  you can adjust the eq only a little bit, but for me, its enough.  i like the bass a little heavy and this player satisfies that.   all in all, i believe that i got really got my money's worth.  this absolutely a great purchase, i love it, i love it, i love it!    ", "this item was great for the few months that it worked.  i liked how i could just plug it straight into a usb port to transfer music.  i had just started using its voice recording function when it stopped working.  i was able to record a lecture and do an interview with it.  it seemed to me to have a good range and playback.  i typically didn't use the earphones, but rather plugged it into my tape player in my vehicle.  a drawback perhaps is that songs are listed sequentially, so it is not possible to select a menu, choose your favorite artist, and then choose a specific song from that artist.  but, i didn't mind that so much.  the major flaw was that it stopped working.  the coby screen flashes on and off, never getting to the point where i can play any music.  i can still use it as a thumb drive to store media if i want, but it's a bit bulkier than my other ones.  when i contacted coby about doing a reboot, i was told how to reboot it, but that it was out of the short warranty period.  i know that no device is going to last forever, but i think that i'd like an mp3 player to last longer than 4 months.  ", "oh my gosh, this is the best music player ever!!!!! sure, lots of people complain about how the screen is too small, that not many people will buy it because of that, but i just bought it and it's brilliant. i bought a music video from itunes as soon as i installed it, played it on my new ipod, and the picture quality was beautiful. of course, if you can't buy it because it's too expensive or you simply don't like it, buy something else. there's the ipod shuffle, nano, photo, mini, the sony psp, and lots more. by the way, you don't have to get an mp3 player. but if you absolutely need (or want) one, this is the one to get.   ", "if you run, & sweat when you run, this unit will not hold up. samsung will tell you it is designed for sport enthusiasts...it is not. this mp3 (1 year) malfunctioned due to 'water damage' resulting from perspiration...not caught in the rain, not dropped in the sink. it is not repairable, not honored by the warrantee, and samsung basically washes it's hands because of their own poor quality casing design. guess i'll be 'running' to have better luck with an ipod...  ", "i bought this mp3 for my daughter for xmas - not wanting to spend alot because of her age (12)- after one week it wouldn't hold a charge, would not power down completely, and had to be reset every time we wanted to do anything with it!!!!  not worth the problems!!!!!  ", "for me, the most important feature of an mp3 player is sound quality. this is where this player really shines. it is simply one of the best sounding mp3 players on the market, with very little background noise and distortion. warmth, resolution, detail, and clarity allow your music to be engaging and very enjoyable. play a track with a high-bitrate and this player will blow you away! i previously owned a heavy, 20gb hard-disc drive player made by apple. the drawbacks were the weight and extremely short battery life (3 hours of play on a good day). this baby is so small, light and unobtrusive that you don't think twice about taking it everywhere you go. buy 4 aaa rechargeable batteries and you're good to go. oh yeah, by the way....  the price is right. you can't find a better mp3 player for under $70 bucks!!!   ", "i bought this product tonight to use with the sandisk fm transmitter for use in my car. i store a lot of streaming audio, plays, books, radio talks, etc., from the bbc and npr, and they're great to use on a long car journey.  the player was a refurb and cost me all of $17.00 - gotta be great value, especially with the ability to use a 2gb card. some people have complained about the sound quality - i wonder if they've discovered the equalizer and wow sound augmentation system. and i use it with a decent pair of noise cancelling headphones as well, so flights are a breeze.  only negative so far is those floppy covers for the mp3 and mem card slots.  but for the price, you can't beat it.  ", 'had for almost a week now. solid (first) attempt at place- and time-shifting video programming. video color screen is vivid and rich. 60gb of storage is more than abundant (i honestly think 30gb will suffice for most users). using my ibook, i\'m able to convert full-length 8gb dvds of movies into 600mb mpeg4\'s for "downtime" viewing (e.g., commute, slacking off during lectures or meetings) on my ipod using a free downloadable (apple-only) program called handbrake (available at versiontracker dot com) (this process takes 4-6 hours, and is something you start before going to bed....in the morning, just load the finished product onto your ipod as you would music files). much more elegant and not as bulky or expensive as other portable video players, although not as flexible in terms of content sources either (see archos\' player).  no mechanical or cosmetic problems yet (see ipod nano). video capabilities would be better served if screen utilized more real estate (i.e., make it widescreen; but i suspect that\'s a technical limitation at present). comes with usb cord, software cd, and earbuds, but no ac or desktop charger. limited 5g ipod 3rd-party accessories at present.  ', 'read it carefully.  do not buy this junk.  do not ever!!  i usually do not get to write a review for anything.  i am a "i do not bother to write a review" kind of a person.  for this one though, i wanna make sure i write one, so that there will be no more victims out there suffering w/ this junk & its bad bad horrible customer service.  first of all, the stupid earpieces hurt my ears every time i wear, ok, that\'s fine, whatever.  few weeks after the purchase, the battery cover breaks apart, ok, i will tape it, that\'s fine as long as i can still listen to my music.  just within 2 and a half months of the purchase, one morning, it just stops working.  it shuts down every time i try to turn on the power, and later, it completely stops working.  i get upset and go to their website, they only take e-mails.  i call other departments, and finally gets the number, but i would have to pay 12 bucks to solve it on the phone??????  wth!!!  i am still sitting on my desk, waiting for my e-mail response.  thankfully one of the reviewers here has noted some solutions here, so i am gonna try that.  much better than paying another 12 bucks for this junk.  just don\'t buy it.  do not bother to buy any of creative labs products.  i am about to file a complaint w/ bbb actually.  ', "this bean should not be allowed to carry the legendary sony walkman title. this thing is awful! the proprietary software wont allow you to play the mp3 files on another computer, you can upload mp3s without using the software to transfer files, but the bean wont let you play them. also whoever signed off on the design should have their head checked, i dont mean the bean shape, i'm talking about the clasp/mode-selector/flappy thingy...its flimsy and breaks easily. when it gets bent outta place through normal use, it is absolutely infuriating to try to find the files, folders and to even switch it off! forget it and save your beans for something else.  ", "the color ipod is the best electronic item i have owned so far... and i've owned a lot. to summarize:  - the click-wheel is awesome, simple and superb to use - the color screen is great, clear and bright - the sound quality is quite good, though the headphones could handle bass better - itunes is equally simple to start with, has good enough capabilities. handling audiobooks is slightly counter-intuitive - the battery life is close to what's reported, though using the backlight and skipping through songs drains it significantly - one capability i seriosly miss in the ipod is song search capability. that would be the icing on the cake.  so far, soooo good. can't have enough!   ", 'i am very impressed with the muvo n200.  i received it as a gift for my birthday and it has functioned very well for me.  my only qualm is that some of the tracks that i tried ripping from my cds did not reproduce exactly and skipped in the middle or end of tracks.  i was told that this was the software and that could be updated from the creative website for a fee.  other than that, a very good product.  the microphone and fm tuner are cool features.  ', "having being a happy owner of two samsung yp-u2 players (one lost, one smashed) i was confident that the yp-u3 would have the features i, as a podcast listener, needed.  pause and resume, easy navigation, time remaining, simple loading of files and long battery life.  i was very disappointed.  it does not work as a usb drive, you need media player to transfer files, very very irritating!  i've written my own program to manage and load my podcasts and now it can't work without a usb drive!  the touch controls are maddening!  you must have the thing in front of your face to use it with confidence, but, be careful how you hold it or it will rush off and do things you dont want.  i can't keep it in my pocket and use finger touch to find the buttons.  only by the constant application of the key lock is the thing reliable.  the new interface is fancy but a downgrade from the yp-u2.  you can't change the time remaining/used display or the search speed.  also, there is now no way to prevent the sleep feature!  bad bad samsung.  sound is ok, battery life is good, usb charger is ok but feels flimsy, and the screen is easy and bright to read.  but, another problem, the screen turns off after a few minutes, and then you can't read it at all.  you must carefully stroke it to get the screen to come back on.  oled is not an advance.  i'm taking it back and will try to find the older and better player.  ", "got one for christmas. tried for a week to get the software installed and configured correctly. after many reconfigures and downloading of updates, the best the ipod would do was skip like a three legged dog. went online to apple and found others with similar problems. called apple customer service and afer being on hold for 45 mins, the call was droped by apple's answering service. after that the ipod was on it's way back to the store and good ridance.    ", 'one of my friend got this coby 1gb mp3 player, the package and the player did say that it is a 1 gb player. but in the system it showed the total capacity as 459 mb. everyone knows that the capacity displayed is little less but not as much as >500 mb. we tried formatting the drive and making it fresh, but of no use. there are no cds, softwares, tools provided to diagnose the player. i guess coby has used some compression to show 512mb as 1gb during factory install.  we tried calling up the number in the package which said "call this number before considering returning the product" !! the person on the other side could not understand our problem, he kept telling us (threatening) about where we got our mp3s, drm stuff. crazy !! seems like he was reading from the papers provided to him. useless customer service. they said it, we returned the product that very moment.  do not buy anything coby. there are better mp3 players that are worth the buck you pay for.  ', "note that the user manual says you cannot jog with this device, which to me means it can't take normal teenager use.  i'm not buying another one for my child.  ", "i have had this player since november and i am now putting it on craigslist so that i can buy a real mp3 player. i seem to have some of the same issues others have had.....the player is great when it works, but i have frequent problems.  it constantly freezes.  sometimes after freezing, it won't recognize any of my songs (playlist shows zero songs).  connect it to the computer and look via windows explorer....yep, they are there, but the player will not recognize them.  one time when re-syncing with windows media player, either wmp or the device deleted a whole directory of my songs on my pc (luckily i back up my files to an external hard drive, so i was ok).  i figured that i could live with this player given some bugs...but it crashes so frequently now that it is too frusterating to use.  oh...and don't even try calling their customer care.  first off, it does not even seem like they know their products.  their only remedy is to delete all files from the device and re-sync.  and like other people have said about their customer care, they don't seem overly concerned that you are having problems and seem like they just want to get you off the phone.  bottom line.....get something else!  ", "the device worked well and was a joy to use. for about two months. it then refused to turn on. i had to send it back to archos. about a month later i receive a replacement. the replacement had a shoddy d-pad and couldn't recharge. obviously nobody even checked to see if it worked before sending it to me. had to send it back. it's been about 5 weeks so far and i have to keep calling, listening to some lady who only works there 2 days a week complain about all the problems they have with the warehouse. i regret this purchase more than anything i've ever bought.  ", 'you can save a [...] load of money by buying this from dish netowrk, they call it the pocket dish, but it does the same exact things, the only different thing is that it is dvr compatible, so if you have dish network, you can plug it into you dish dvr and put tv shows in it. its only 150$ over there. thats over 50% cheaper.  ', "this includes items about the dvr dock, which i had also purchased.  cons - archos website unnecessarily cumbersome, and not intuitive  - archos support is nonexistant - proprietary plug as an attempt to limit options to archos accessories - without the dock and extra plugins, the device is extremely limited - won't play simple mpeg video without the plugin purchase. my camera takes short videos in mpeg, and this would have been nice. - old wmv7 and wmv8 not supported - i still can't get the tv program guide to work (dvr dock needed) - ...and the tv program guide is only free for one year - device aesthetics not up to par with competitors  pros - sd card slot allows quick access to media without the need to use a pc - best screen resolution for devices in its class - has an external speaker. not the best, but handy to have - ability to connect wirelessly to upnp shares....though i have yet been able to get it to work - ability to record (dvr dock needed) - ability to use usb mass storage devices. i used an external hard drive and usb thumbdrives (dvr dock needed)  having to pay extra for the plugins and browser is ridiculous. the dvr dock is also a necessity to fully enjoy the features of this device, and should be included. if this nickel and diming continues, i will be sure this is the last archos product i buy.   ", "pros:<br>- sound is great<br>- ease of use is great<p>cons:<br>- armband and belt clip are cheap<br>- plastic belt clip (which you need if you want to use the arm band) is nearly impossible to remove without scratching the device<br>- radio reception is really poor (this might be because i tossed the earbuds that came with the player and used my sony behind-the-neck headphones instead - i've never found earbuds that produce good sound)<p>this player certainly seemed to have potential when i read about it here at amazon.  i've been on the hunt for a good player for what seems like years now.  after buying this player and using it for a few days, i am now painfully ($$$) aware that the hunt continues.<p>can't anyone make a good player &lt;b>for the gym&lt;/b> that has lots of memory, gets good radio reception, and most importantly, sounds good?  this is just frustrating.<p>by the way, the new nike/phillips players are great, but they don't combine the mp3 part with the radio part.  i have a nike/phillips psa radio.  it's a really good device, but i wish it had the ability to play mp3s as well.  ", 'bought it for the raved-over sound ("better than ipod"), but came to regret it...  owned a 20 gb zen.  customer service will not even accept your call without a credit card number up front, after 90 days.  their website suggests firmware updates for any/all funky behavior.  but this locks up the unit permanently.  can play it; just never again can add songs to it, or alter existing playlists.  creative knows this problem and will not fix it.  foolishly, i then bought their 60 gb (same model as the 40 gb here; just more memory).  worked a couple months, then froze up unrecoverably.  several weeks of wading through an amazingly unavailable, incompetent and utterly unconcerned "customer service", i got the same player back, utterly untouched; totally dead.  several more weeks slogging through the same hours on automated call centers, waiting to talk to a human who doesn\'t even listen to you describe your need, and is aggresively incompetent, then weeks waiting for them to repair and resend a refurb, ...  and it is a totally nonworking and dented refurb.  more weeks and the same exacted dented refurb is sent to me again, utterly unworking.  many more weeks and i finally receive a refurb that works.  total time wrestling with this utter incompetence: 7 months ! ! !   though this all started within the initial paltry 90-day warrantee, this quickly dragged on beyond it, and i had to buy the rather expensive 1-year extended warrantee early in that fiasco just to be able to get them to accept my phone calls at all.  now i have a player that gives that great zen sound (true enough), but can\'t take even the slightest justling.  they aren\'t kidding when they say "don\'t wear it even walking."  it resets nearly every step.  that is utterly no exaggeration.  i found wearing it in a just the right "fanny pack" allows me to wear it lifting weights, provided i make no sudden moves. but clip in to my short\'s waist band, and it reset every 10-30 seconds.  not fun.  many reviewer gush over the "awesome" software.  it\'s o-kay.  but it lacks some obvious capabilities.  like their own file manager cannot move files between folders without zen losing track of them: they still show in your library, but clicking on them finds nothing and so zen goes at random to another song.  you have to re-"import" every song moved this way.  a major pain in the but, if you move a large library to an external hard drive.  also, you can\'t sort your on-screen display in a playlist by any of the columns (like song title, album, artist, year, style, rating. etc.).  makes for a lot of manual searching.  slow and boring.  also, there is no way at all to keep track of which playlists you have added a song to, except to manually scroll through every playlist and manually look for each track among all the tracks in that list.  would it be so hard to have a feature that shows what playlists any given track has been added to?  what i am holding out for, is a flash memory player with at least 16 gb.  sony recently came out with an 8 gb.  these are extremely robust versus jostling.  but i need at least 16 gb, if not 30-60, for my library.  and i didn\'t buy a high end mp3 player to compress all that cd quality sound down to some crappy little file size.  when one of the big boys finally make a real player, i will pay whatever they want for it.  ', "i've had my 605 for about a week now and i'm seriously considering returning it.  as said in other reviews, it has a wonderful screen and lots of space but that's about it as far as positives go.      the first thing that really bothered me was that the battery life is nowhere close to what archos advertises.  17 hours for music playback? the most i've managed to get before it dies is 7. not even half. as far as video goes, you'll be lucky to get 2 hours on a complete charge.    the audio quality is what really makes me want to return it. not only is it quiet, but the eq is not a true eq. it actually attenuates one frequency when another is turned up, so it doesn't really boost the frequency you want, it just appears to be boosted by lowering other frequencies.  the sound quality is a big step back from even my old archos jukebox recorder v2 and it gives me headaches after a while, which is something that has never happened to me while listening to music before.  pros- excellent screen, lots of space, easy file transfer  cons- sub-par to bad sound quality, horrible battery life     ", 'we got the archos 504 for christmas and it was great!  it handles just like a usb, you can play videos and music.  we loved it.  today, january 29, it stopped working.  i looked in the book and archos said that if the software failed, the customer was responsible for the cost of replacing it.  i just hope amazon will come through.  good luck.  ', 'this is my first mp3 player and it has been a wonderful experience.  i was really hesitant to buy one, but my husband bought it for me for christmas.  the connect store is user friendly and the bean itself is convenient.  i have had no trouble whether running or just sitting around the house.  love it!  ', "if you are looking for a great pvp (portable video player) with great sound you need to get the vision.  the zen vision is outstanding.  way better then the ipod.  i have had three ipods in my time since they have come out.  the first ipod was buggy and the battery always died for no reason.  even when i was not listening to music.  the second ipod i got was the third generation and didnt ahve video yet.  still the battery died out and i had to send it in to get a replacement.  from what i know they still ahve not resolved the issue of people having to send in ipods to get them fixed when the battery doesnt work right.  the zen vision does not have this problem for the battery pack is removable.  also it has loads of features, screen is as large as the ipod itself.  its great for videos.  i don't see why people are having so much trouble with the importing of video files.  i have had some problems with some files but mostly everything is going smoothly.  everything does not have to be converted but if you want to conserve space then you should.   the fm radio is awesome.  it is clear and i have no problems with it so far. firmware has been updated so some people who complain about some of the features may have their questions answered and complaints resolved by now.   the screen is not bad.  yes there is some glare but its not like i am going to be watching the movie from ten different angles.  its meant to be in your hands while you watch it.  if you want people to see it..plug it into your tv.  people complain about the view but what kinda view would you get from ipods tiny screen ?    i love this device its very nice an well worth the price creative has listed.  this price on amazon for the black version is too steep.    ", "this player is a bad product all around. the battery cover broke after just 2 wks. also, it only holds about 100 songs. the customer service is a total hassel, and very unhelpful. now, no matter how many songs i take off of it, i can't get it to download any more. you are better off just getiing an ilo or lyra.  ", 'once you throw away the earphones, the manual and the lanyard, (replace the phones with something decent like pro35s), it is a wonderful device. i would have given it 5 stars except for that. i listen to audio books while working out and it is so superior to cds in its simplicity of use and compact size. press one button to start, pause and stop, then start again where you left off... no cds or batteries to change. plays for 20 hours on one charge. i even found where to download books for free on the internet. get rid of your portable cd player and get into one of these.   ', 'have had the 202 for over a month now. have recorded direct with built in tv tuner, av inputs and s-video input. have had no problems. product was listed as using up to 512mb sd cards but i have used 2 different 1g sd cards with no problem. speakers are loud for their size. copying files from mpm to sd disk takes about 3 minutes for a 1g file. there is a loss of about 1 sec of content when recording any show greater than a hour since the mpm automatically breaks your content into 1hour blocks. time it right and all you loose is commercial time. with movies, hope for the best. remote is slim and works great. batteries seem to last just over 2 hours with heavy useage. wish i could find more to buy. the colored led helps give visual indication of status of mpm (reoording, off, stby, etc). yes, renaming files is a pain. best to just hook up to computer and rename them that way.  ', 'i decieded to get a new mp3 player almost right after this thing came out and since i\'ve trusted rio in the past, i decided to try this baby out. so for four months i was the envy of all my friends with this sleek little gadget and i had no qualms. it performed just as the packaging and reviews suggested it would.<p>then it all started going to hell.<p>i had noticed earlier that some times when it got bumped hard or i tossed it on my bed, couch or something it would stop playing and the internal time setting would get screwed up. this i dealt with. then the cheap belt clip broke one day while i was putting it on my coat. this i could live with. i had some unrelated computer problems that gave rise for me to re-install my os and when i went to put my "trusty" rio\'s drivers back on i couldn\'t find the cd. no problem i thought, i\'ll just get them off the main site. wrong! not to be found anywhere on the main site, and it gave need for me to order a replacement cd. this i was mad about but i could live with it. but then one day i got up and was getting ready for class, when i reaced in my drawer for my "loyal sidekick" when i found that in the night it\'s lcd mysteriously cracked. i live alone and it was just fine when i put it in the night before. while the player still worked it was difficult to manange with and was really trying my patience. then came the straw that broke the camels back. i don\'t know if it\'s heat expansion or what but occassionally the players casing pops appart and must be snapped back together. excuse me but isn\'t this a "sports player?" should it be build a little bit more durable? or at least be build to last more than a few months? it was great while it worked but spend your $ on something a little more long lasting and worth it.  ', "after several hours of reviewing many types of players i decided on this one and i have not been dissapointed.  i was looking for a player with at least 1 hour play time so i decided on a minimum 64mb.  after my first download (about 15 seconds per song) i had 30 songs with around 2.5 hrs of music without the additional memory card!  i bought it for snowboarding and mountian biking so fancy controls and lcd was not a priority.  the software is great wants you spend and hour or so getting use to how it operates. headphones are nice but i'll buy new ones that will allow me to wear a helmet. the face plate design with its controls is easy to operate without looking at it. the arm band works great and i can't imagine not having this option!!  overall a great player and great choice!!  ", 'i bought this little guy and was really excited.  i installed all the software on my windows 2000. when i tried to put my songs on the player, it said i had no memory!?! i even put in 64 mb extra! its very annoying. i wouldnt reccomend this product.  ', 'i\'ve actually liked the ipod, but itunes doesn\'t work well on a pc.  it freezes up almost daily, crashes in the middle of downloads, gets stuck in istore and i can\'t get out...  the list goes on.  i\'m putting mine on ebay and getting something else!  i\'m sick of constant troubleshooting time wasted with no fix.  i\'m not exactly a "dummy" i have a masters in computer science!!  but i don\'t have any more time to waste on this.  ', "after only having this mp3 player for a year, i'm ready to throw it in the bin. i could not even sell this piece of junk second hand, as it would be unfair to whoever was suckered into the purchase.  looks-wise, sound quality and features, this is a top-class mp3 player, but the battery life is the worst i've ever experienced in any item of electronic equipment. even after carefully nursing the battery to make sure that it was usually charged from completely flat, the player will now only work for about 90 minutes before switching itself off with a low battery warning. even worse is that it immediately displays the warning and shuts down if you press any off the buttons while the unit is playing under battery power. the only way to make any use of the thing whatsoever, is to leave it permanently set to shuffle all tracks, thereby avoiding touching any of the buttons.  i'm incredibly disappointed in what i had always thought to be a solid, reliable brand. i don't think i'll be buying any other samsung products in a hurry.   ", 'i was so happy with my creative zen nano that i bought one as a gift.  i love the color choice and the sound is great.  love the pause button. it came with a protective case that attaches to the arm band.  you do not need to buy one!!  amazon delivered it in 2 days!  ', 'i\'ve owned this mp3 player for almost 2 years. at the time of my original purchase, this was pretty good player given it\'s price/capacity/size.  today, given the strong competition out there and this sansa\'s many flaws i\'ll detail below, i\'d recommend most people look for a different mp3 player.  pros: - small/light/flashbased: the #1 reason i bought this player.... the physical size of this unit and it\'s solid state flash memory are perfect for runners.  i strap it to my arm and hardly know it\'s there.  the included elastic armband and clear plastic case work fine for running and gym use.  yes, the plastic case is cheap and not likely to withstand rough use or repeated trips in and out of tight fitting jean pockets.  but this freebie is good for keeping light rain and sweat off the unit.  - capacity:  this model is 4gbs... certainly not huge but more than enough for exercising and about just right for normal daily listening.  i typically use both mp3 and wma\'s encoded using vbr 128 / 96 respectively and my player easily holds 30+ full albums.  at this bitrate the music isn\'t anywhere near cd quality, but it\'s good enough for when i\'m out-and-about.  with 4gb\'s, i can go weeks before feeling the need to rotate new music onto my player.  -backlighted display:  the display has a nice blue backlight that allows operation in the dark.  it\'s not fancy but it\'s very functional and allows me to operate the unit during early morning runs or in the car at night.  the backlight duration is adjustable and can be turned off completely to save battery power.  -uses 1 aaa battery:  some people might consider this a con.  for me, this was the #2 reason why i chose this unit.  when i go on vacation, i travel on a sportbike, sleep in a tent, and hike a lot.  i don\'t generally have access to electricity, nor do i carry a laptop which many of today\'s mp3 players rely upon for recharging via usb.  this sansa allows me to take a handful of aaa\'s and just go without worry.  when i\'m not traveling, in order to save money and be environmentally conscious, i use 850mah nimh rechargeable batteries.  the rechargeables only last about 6-7 hrs, a little over 1/2 the runtime a normal alkaline battery provides, but who cares?  they\'re rechargeable!  i just pop another one in.  one nimh easily gets me through a workday.  windows media player or straight drag-and-drop for music management:  in mtp mode, the unit utilizes wmp for music library mgmt and syncing.  personally, i like wmp.  it\'s fast, has a small memory footprint, and doesn\'t have processes that continue running memory resident even after i exit the application like itunes.  i like wmp.  you may not.  if not, you can set the sansa to mass storage mode and just drag and drop files onto the unit.  it\'s your choice.  auto-bookmarking function:  if you power down the unit while it\'s playing or pause the unit and allow it to automatically power down after x number of minutes of inactivity, upon start-up the m260 will automatically resume playing from where it left off.  this is a must have feature for audiobook and podcast listeners becausing fast forwarding though huge .mp3 files is a pain.  cons:  poor sound qlty:  ok 1st off, this is not an audiophile product nor is it meant to be.  also everyone knows sound quality is only as good as the source material so low quality encodes = poor sound.  but regardless, this sansa like other sandisk players i\'ve used has "relatively" poor sound.  specifically, bass and mid-bass are really poor and neither the custom eq nor the handful of sound presets (rock/jazz/etc...) do anything to improve the sound.  actually, the presets make things worse!  don\'t get me wrong, this player is not unlistenable ok!  it won\'t make your ears bleed :)  it\'s just not a great sounding player compared to other brands, even those considered to have middling sound qlty like the ipod video and ipod shuffle in particular.  even my cheap and outdated creative c100 sport sounds much better... deeper and tighter bass, fuller mid-range and clearer highs.  plus the creative\'s eq is actually practical unlike my sansa.  in order to get any kind of acceptable bass out of this sansa, you need to buy headphones that way over emphasize bass.  i\'ve found some inexpensive jvc headphone at wally world that do just this.  these headphone sound terrible with a normal mp3 - way too bass heavy & boomy.  but paired with my sansa, these earbuds fill in the low-end hole of the m260\'s audio spectrum.  poor software/firmware expertise:  as a software developer myself, i\'m rather shocked at sandisk\'s level of technical expertise, or lack there-of.  this is a multi-million (billion?) dollar company!  do these people understand the concept of software quality assurance testing???  i recently applied their newest firmware, hoping it would fix the music shuffle problem, and had disastrous results.  the good news is that my player still "plays" music.  the bad news is that the display is totally hosed.  as you skip through music, the id3 tag info like artist/title from the previous song is not erased from the lcd display before the next song\'s data is displayed.  in other words, the display just continues to transpose song data on top of the previous song\'s data.  the display becomes unreadable... it looks like the klingon alphabet!    now sandisk tells you not to update the firmware unless you are experiencing a problem that\'s addressed in the new firmware... some might even say, "well you did the update, so it\'s your fault"  i say total b.s!!  i\'m a developer.  i actually test my code before releasing it to the general public!  also when i release code, i perform a little thing called documentation in order to explain exactly what my code is doing.  sandisk doesn\'t provide release notes with it\'s new firmware updates so there\'s no way to determine what problems/fixes are being addressed.  oh, and their auto firmware installer is a horrid piece of software that automatically loads on boot-up and runs continuously in the background monitoring for new firmware updates.  the biggest problem is that the firmware updater seems to interfere with the m260\'s ability to sync with wmp!  you have to uninstall the firmware updater application to get syncing to work again!   this brings up the question of why a firmware updater needs to run 24x7 in the first place - especially if sandisk says don\'t update unless you need to?  me thinks they\'re sending mixed messages!  music shuffle doesn\'t shuffle:  this unit has a "shuffle" feature but it doesn\'t do anything.  if you activate shuffle and select play all, the unit will play songs x, y, z.  if you turn off the unit, turn it back on, reactive shuffle, and select play all, the m260 will play the same songs, x, y, z in the exact same order.  what\'s the point?  i was hoping the new firmware would fix this... well we know how that turned out!  - doesn\'t play songs in album order, uses alpha order instead:  this is a huge problem if you listen to ebooks, podcasts, or are the type of person who enjoys listening to music in album order.  this sansa does not obey the id3 tag for track #.  instead it plays all music alphabetically by title.  this is beyond annoying if you listen to audio books or podcasts... you\'ll have to go in and rename all your files alphabetically like "chaper_01-01.mp3, chapter_01-02.mp3, chapter_01-03.mp3" instead of relying on the id3 track# tag.  i have ebooks that are made up of hundreds of mp3 and this renaming is a royal pain in the a$$.  random lockups / crazy static sounds - now this is not a huge problem.  it happens infrequently, maybe 10 times in 2 years.  but it\'s still not very assuring.  a solid state piece of equipment should not randomly lockup.  also on a few occasions the unit just starts putting out static laced music and really low audio volumes for no reason.  the rectify either problem, you simply have to pop out the aaa battery and restart the thing.  takes like 5 seconds.  with players without removable batteries, i\'ve read these types of issues can be terminal.  again, not a game stopper by any means, but just one more negative issue a "modern" mp3 player should not have!  windows media player:  in general, wmp works just fine as a syncing/music manager.  but occasionally, it does not recognize the sansa upon plugging in the usb adapter.  you then have to go through the process of unplugging, waiting, re-plugging, waiting.... with the sansa until wmp recognizes the unit.  again, this doesn\'t happen very often... maybe i\'ll have an issue 5% of the time.  but still, 5% of the time is still not good enough for a piece of consumer electronics gear.  ce gear should work 100% of the time.  flimsy battery cover:  i\'m not a huge stickler for build quality.  i don\'t require my things be made out of aircraft aluminum or titanium for me to be happy.  as long as something is constructed fairly solid i\'m good.  that said, the battery cover on the m260 is definitely cheap.  it has 2 tiny plastic points on one end that act as a hinge.  the other end has a really weak plastic clip that holds the battery cover on.  if you are not an extremely careful person like myself, i can easily see you breaking the plastic points or clip off the cover.  even just putting on the included plastic carry case can be dangerous to the battery cover.  the plastic case has 2 snaps on the back to keep it secured.  if you press too hard on the snaps, it puts pressure on the battery door and can easily break door\'s plastic tabs!  in summary, this is not the worst player out there.  it\'s great for exercising, but so are a ton of other players on the market today.  if i had to do it over again, i would not buy this unit.  but in the 2 years i\'ve had it, it\'s be useful... painful and annoying at times yes... but useful.  even with the screwed up display, i\'ll continue to use my m260 for my morning runs, but i\'ll have to find a better behaved unit for daily use.      ', 'i was unable to get the software for transferring music to this device to work properly.  after several frustrating episodes, i ordered windows xp so that i could use microsoft windows media player 10 which, according to the documentation, could also be used.  it made no difference.  thankfully, amazon allowed me to return the product.  overall, the experience was very frustrating and costly.  i paid a 20% re-stocking fee because i did not return it within 30 days and i paid $188 for xp.  as a final note, i find xp to be considerably more cumbersome than the windows 2000 i replaced.  not an experience i care to repeat.  ', 'got mine (512mb, blue version of this) from sonystyle.com just yesterday. after playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.  first and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious. 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower. even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.   i suspect the codec/dsp in the sony are still designed for their propreitary atrac3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support. in fact converting a mp3 file to atrac3plus (with included software) sounded better than just mp3 file. inspite of this hassle, it was still below mp3 quality from other players.   the battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by sony. no complaints on that front. the backlight lcd display is a nice bonus too. however size/volume is significantly more than the ipod shuffle.  the user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand. as a result it more cumbersome and confusing than apple/iriver players.  in short this awkwardly named "mp3" music player is a step in right direction for sony but is still below average. price is right but not the quality.  ', 'i really like this player.  it is so much better than my last one from creative.  easy menu choices once you get the hang of it. very good sound and lots of good features.  i recommend it highly to anyone wanting a low price but better alternative to the ipod units.    ', "i purchased my zen nano over a year ago from an overstock-type site for around 35 dollars.  i can't recall exactly but it may have been an open-box return, which might explain the only problem i have had with it (see below).  having tried other zen players, an old muvo flash-drive player, and after sampling several different ipods, i have found this to be the best option, as well as the cheapest. the functionality is something unrivaled in most players i've tried.  it includes line-in recording so that you don't actually need a computer to load it.  an fm tuner, with admittedly limited reception, works in a pinch if i need to walk to the store in the middle of a football game.  it has a small microphone that is useful for note-taking, though not much else. these lesser functions are somewhat basic but do not detract from its main function of music playback, which works excellently.  the sound quality is every bit as good as any player i've tried, as long as you are willing to pay out for some more expensive earbuds(sony ex51s are nice but break relatively quickly) than the ones included, which are the same quality as the tinny pieces of junk you would get with an ipod. the player's operating softare includes playlist organization, mp3 encoding (which i've never used), and even a basic equalizer with presets which helps when i change audio inputs from my over-bassed koss sparkplug earbuds to my home stereo. i should note that some have complained that there is no gapless playback on this player, which is true although i'm not even sure gapless playback is possible with mp3s, as they don't usually contain that sort of information (i could be wrong). the interface may provide some problems for those who are less familiar with computers like the elderly or perhaps those who simply don't have the dexterity for smallish buttons (for instance: the very very obese) but i found the interface perfectly comprehensible and transparent, including a faux-scroll wheel, an on/off/play/pause button, and two dedicated volume buttons. the only problem i have found with the player, which may be because i did not buy it new, is that the battery case cover on mine broke fairly soon after i bought it, making it very easy for it to fall off in my pocket.  this is not a huge problem, as it comes with a belt-clip plastic case i can put over it, preventing the battery from falling out.  the downside is that it increases the size of the player by about a third, but this is minimal in my opinion as the player is already a little smaller than the average disposable cigarette lighter. for what i paid for this player, i would still be happy with my purchase if it died completely tomorrow.  it outlasted the more expensive earbuds i purchased for it, and if you are willing to pay the extra money it costs at amazon, you can return it for a new one if it is doa, as plenty of electronics are.  ", "i like all, the color, the size is perfect, is easy tu use de controls, but the problem is the radio it dosen't works if you are in movemen.   ", 'i could not use it, the product i received was defective.  item seems like returned item, i ordered for a new item. it doesnt  look like original packing.  navigation key up arrow is not working. i had to return it on the same day i received the item.   ', 'when i first got the mp3 player it was great, it worked fine and i was very pleased with its battery life. but then only 3 weeks after i bought the product it broke and unfortunately for me i threw away the box and everything that came with it once i thought it was working satisfactorily. oh well. all i have to say is if given the chance i would not have bought the product in the first place, and regret doing so now.  ', "this mp3 player is awesome. i've had it for almost 3 years now and it's still running great. i bought it to take to iraq with me when i got deployed and it survived the deployment, it's been to the gym with me (i know, not good for hard drive-based mp3 players, i'm in the market for a flash drive-based player), on all my travels, everywhere.  so first the software it comes with is incredibly easy to use and very useful. easy to make playlists and sort through songs. true that you can't make playlists on the go, but i'm ok with that.  it's got a hold button on the top, which i've found very useful. i've had the thing in my bag and then pulled it out only to find that the battery drained; now i just put the hold button on and it can't do that anymore. it also helps when taking it out of the case so you don't accidentally hit 'random' or the power button (done both).  dedicated volume buttons, a must for me. speaking of sound, it's pretty good. there are some songs that i listen to that the volume can't quite go as high as i'd like, but it's very possible that i've converted files incorrectly - don't know. anyway, it's perfect for what i need.  the touch scroll takes a little bit of getting used to and it can be a bit oversensitive, but i got the hang of it pretty quick and now find it very easy to use.  i've never really tested the battery life, but it seems to be just fine, haven't had any problems with it.  that's my 2 cents, overall great mp3 player, highly recommend it!  ", "this product is a piece of junk. within a month the display started going and i had to reload the firmware. just after one year, the player wouldn't work (kept starting in recovery mode). the online creative knowledge base was of no help, and they would not help me further without charging me. overly sensitive touch controls. won't buy a creative product again.   ", "the nw-hd3 looks and sounds excellent.  navigation via the lcd display is ok but not quite as easy or as quick as on an ipod.    the big drawback is the sony sonic stage software that comes with the unit and that must be used to transfer tracks (there is no alternative).  the software's faults include but are by no-means limited to; can't handle a large number of files (crashes), intermittantly hangs your pc, relies solely on id3 information (i.e. often transfers files as 'unknown artist unknown track'), auto-transfer will re-transfer audio files that are already present on your nw-hd3 as additional files (resulting in many copies of the same tracks), has a confusing interface, requires frequent re-installation (which often requires completely re-formatting the nw-hd3), no longer supports importing windows media wma audio files and is very 'processor intensive'.    software aside, i would give this product 4/5 stars.  with the software i feel generous in awarding it 1/5.  ", "the player has so little memory your lucky to get an hour of music out of it.  memory cards that fit this cost $50 a piece, too.  don't even think about buying this.  ", "i started looking at items like this one because i wanted a device i could use to store my photos while traveling without lugging a notebook computer around.  when i picked this one, i think i made a great choice.  mainly, in this review, i want to address some misconceptions found in other reviews.  first, the screen:  the viewing angle is not an issue at all.  i was amazed to see what is said in some of the reviews.  it is a one-person device, but i can move my head several inches in any direction without problems.  the screen is amazingly sharp and clear, and easily visible even in bright sunlight.  second, you can use this as a removable drive.  you simple set that up under the extras menu, make sure you have navigated to the removable drive screen on the vision, and then plug it into a computer.  it will come up as a removable drive under my computer.  it works fine.  all i had to do to find out about this was read the manual.  it also works fine to store my photos.  it's easy, fast, and small, being about the size of a deck of cards.  the 30 gigs is enough space for even a pretty long trip, and i take a lot of photos with a 7 mp camera.  i had no trouble transferring my movies to this, either.  i have a very large collection of dvds, and i wanted to be able to watch them while traveling.  i am using a program called magic dvd ripper to convert them, and it is easy.  it does take about an hour for my computer to do the conversion.  the battery is removable, so you can, if you like, carry a second one.  try that with an ipod.  all in all, i haven't found much of anything to complain about.  ", "this is the one of the worst mp3 players because it's hard to have it connect to your computer and the software is terrible.  also, it always freezes and the sound messes up on a regular basis.  please do not buy this if you value your money at all.  i'm sorry i did.  ", "here's the rub. if you use a legal download service such as rhapsody, the files won't play in this device. so, you are forced to use sony's at $1.00 a track as opposed to .79 or less. i blew 20 bucks downloading from rhapsody into my sony and it wouldn't recognize the files. really a pain. i just wanted a small, lightweight mp3 player. what i got was a big pain in the butt.  ", "i bought this little guy a few years ago, have dropped it, scratched it, played it 'til it turned blue. it's amazing that the battery cover hasn't broken; heck, that the whole thing hasn't. great sound output and battery life as well. this version's suitable for bringing along your favorite tunes, and considering how simple and cheap it is, it's a smart tag-a-long purchase for when, like me, you don't want to drag around your $300 ipod (touch, in my case). buy it if you need a small flash player and can get it for cheap!  ", 'this mp3 player is incredible, i adore mine so much!!! it is far better than any ipod or anything. 1gb is enough space to store a ton of things. keep in mind that when you add a tv episode or a movie, it shrinks down to 50 megs or 150 megs respectively, no matter how large the source file is. i love this thing.  ', "this is the perfect mp3 player, with everything you want. it holds up to 13,000 songs, smaller and cuter than an i-pod, better sound quality than any other make, shuffle options, larger toggle navigation button. just buy it - you won't be disappointed!  ", 'this was a great little mp3 player. great sound, my wife loves the portability in the gym, but after 7 months of normal wear, the display stopped working. worse yet, i call creative and they tell me it\'s not under warranty anymore. they said the warranty was for 90 days!  huh? the rep at creative said they\'d give me a "discount" and only charge me $45 to fix it. i asked for him to please talk with his manager about this problem. he said he\'d call me back today, but i\'m still waiting.   beware ... creative products look great, they sound great, but clearly they not only don\'t hold up well, but also don\'t have the type of support you expect to have from creative. sad.    ', "if you ar reading this, then perhaps this is would be your first ipod you've ever purchased.  because, there is nothing different about this ipod than the others.  it's a very nice mp3 player.  all of the ipods are.  if 4gb is enough space for you, then this is a great device to play your music.  ", "for what it is, it's a great product.  i bought the 100gb to get my money's worth.  i wanted to record tv for free and use the minicam accessory you can no longer buy.  i returned the minicam for the low resolution.  i use it for security and people's faces are somewhat blurry.  i've read some bad reviews about customer service.  i had a hard time until i went up the chain of command and contacted corporate headquarters.  i talked with a marketing director and things got taken care of quickly.  the only problem with the unit is that it is not a truly walk-around type of device.  it is very bulky after it is in a jacket pocket.  i'm going to buy the 30gb video ipod as well for its size and for the free podcasts.  after all, i just want to watch a tv show while i'm sipping coffee or waiting for a friend.  i have the archos for whole movies and for that it is a truly pocket sized hard drive dvd player.  ", 'after having an initial problem with fedex-not the sellers fault-product arrived as stated and works without problem-it is reconditioned which explains the crazy low price(got it for the same price as a new shuffle would cost)  ', "i bought this player 2 years ago and am still loving it! once you get the hang of operating it (i am not tech savvy and it didn't take too long) it is very easy. my 5 year old has no problem using this player either. she has her own folder on my player so that she can be just like her big sis. the only problem i have is that to find a particular song, you either skip through every song until you find the one you are looking for or go to the menu and search through the folders.  loading it up is simple...just copy and paste! if you copy a song and paste it, you just get that song (songs are named in the player the same as on the computer when pasting). if you copy and paste a folder, then the same folder is on the player.  i bought one of these players for my 14 yr old daughter 1 year ago. she uses hers more than i do and she still loves it! unlike my daughter, i could not stand the earbuds that came with this player. they were very uncomfortable in my ears. if they stayed in, they hurt but most of the time they would fall out anyway. i purchased sony soft earbuds - white model #: son   mdrex71slaw from circuit city for about $50. on the expensive side, but very definitely worth every penny. i could not get them away from my boyfriend, so i bought him a pair as well. i also just purchased the creative traveldock 900 docking speaker for this player to listen to at work. i have not received it yet though. over all i believe you cannot go wrong with this player and have recommended it to anyone looking to buy a mp3 player.  ", "i have had my av700 for about three weeks and started by loading several episodes of mister rogers' for my daughter to be able to watch during long drives while we vacationed across the cascade mountain range.    the interface is mostly textual so it is touch and go whether a four year old can use the device unassisted, but passing it from back seat to the front my wife or i could queue up a new episode when she wanted one.   my video source is a mix of hdtv and standard definition programs recorded using beyondtv on a winxp-mce box.  i did not like the video conversion software included with the device due to errors in the mpeg handling and limited filter support.    standard definition 4:3 doesn't fill the player's screen so some tweaking of crop settings and scaling is needed to get an image that offers the best compromise of size, distortion, and image area.  currently i use virtualdub-mpeg2 for batch conversion of 4:3 recorded standard definition tv source material.  we also used the player to watch one movie and two masterpiece theater adaptations.  pulling the movie off of dvd was a pain and the final result had sound levels too low to hear easily with the built in speakers and the limited volume range of the device.  tv source materials with their compressed dynamic range were more than loud enough however.    moving 16:9 hdtv to the device wasn't something that i figured out how to do until returning home as there are almost no tools that support hdtv transport streams.  for batch encoding hdtv i am currently using mencoder from the command-line driven with a bit of glue code written in perl, but it is still a challenge to determine which of the video and audio channels in the transport stream holds the content that i really wanted to convert (with the result of a missed guess giving me badly distorted 4:3 480i instead of 16:9 1080i, or worse the wrong program entirely.)  the manufacturer seems to expect people to record video directly into the device but manually queueing programs and waiting an hour to transfer one program to the device frankly has no appeal to me.  getting digital video directly off of my pvr is the only use that has appeal and it still suffers from bleeding edge usability issues, but will work with perseverence.  ", "this works great the battery lasts a long time.  the only problem with it is that it says it can hold 500 songs but in reality it only holds about half of that -i think it's due to the length of the music files some may be larger than others-they should tell you that or make it completely compatable to hold 500 songs no matter what.  other than that i love it-it is so small and the sound quality is great!  i would recommend this product it's great!  ", 'i had problems as soon as i opened the box. the player keeps freezing during play, data becomes corrupt, the sound is of poor quality, and advertising up to 20 movies storage space is not possible. the most i could ever get on my player was 5, and that was when the playback quality was set on low. i tried to have it serviced just 2 months into a 1 year "warranty" and they said it was going to cost me $150.00 to repair. if you purchase this product, you will be sorry!   ', "i bought this for my 11 year old, it was the first mp3 in the house. after a little research i found this to have all the features a kid could need at the best price.   because of the price i was a little worried about the quality, but i am extremely satisfied. this was so easy to use and set up, even as a first-timer i had no problems. it is very durable, my kid loves it and at under $30.00 you don't have to worry too much about them losing it.  i am so impressed that i am buying these players as christmas gifts for family members. my six year old is even getting one. this player is easier for her to use then her cd player. also it is cheaper than wasting money on cd's that ruin quickly, the batteries also last longer than in a cd player.  this is the perfect gift for the kids in your life, at the perfect price.  ", "my son has been downloading music on this since he got it christmas day and he's used up all of his space at about 240 songs.  the amazon ad neglects to mention that it depends on the size of the song that you're downloading.  you'd have to download some awful small songs to reach 500 (or even close to it).  also, he hasn't even put pictures on this thing and still all the room is taken up!!  not happy with this one.  i would recommend the 2 gb zen if you want to get 500 songs on it!  ", "what a nice idea -- and i *do* like my jumpdrive usb memory. but the jumpdrive sport i ordered had problems right out of the box. the volume/navigation toggle switch didn't work well (couldn't consistently adjust the volume) and within a couple minutes failed entirely. back it goes for a refund...  darn. for the few minutes that it worked the music sounded pretty good.  ", "c'mon - this is ridiculous. i just bought it. great unit. reason i bought was for audio quality. can't use any of my wma lossless? if i had realized that, i would've just bought an ipod for the inferior audio quality. also, it takes forever to upload it.   ", 'like many of you i spent a good deal of time to deciding on which portal media device would best suit my needs. ultimately i decided on the archos, primarily because it was repeatedly said that it\'s, "probably the best option for those who could afford it."  why i like the av500: one of the best features of this device is that it allows other mass storage devices to be connected to it. what this means is that i can connect my external usb 2.0 hard drive to the av500 and it will let me copy or even play directly from the extenal hd. this allows you to use regular hard drives effectively boosting the allowed capacity - also allowing multiple drives holding different kinds of data (for instance, i have a ton of tv series and movies on an 80 gig external hd). this usb option also allows me to conect my sd card reader to my av500 and copy to and from my sd cards. i can do this anywhere, and where i use my dell axim to watch movies and listen to music, i can change out my 1gb sd in my car or at work.  the capacity is fantastic even on it\'s own (i needed something that would hold my collection of over 40gigs of mp3s).  the viewing angles this device supports are fanatastic. when i was showing it to people they didn\'t have to all cluster together into one massive hydra to see the screen. it supports mass storage mode - thus becoming an external usb hd.  why i don\'t love my av500: the hard key controls are difficult at best, especialy when you\'re used to a pda\'s touch screen often when i\'m moving or copying i wish i could just press the button (and sometimes i forget i can\'t).   the buttons - yes, this deserves a second mention. they feel shoddy and breakable. they also are not recessed making them easily pressed, especially when attempting to close the carrying case.  the carrying case - i guess you can say it\'s better than nothing at all, but that\'s not a compliment. you can\'t close the case with the headphone jack in - other owners might disagree with this, and i have been able to close it with them in, however, a quarter of the time i was able to squeeze it shut i ended up pressing a button (the cover lays on the buttons as they, again, aren\'t recessed). closing the case in general (headphones in or not) you tend to press a button accedentally. the case could best be explainned as a "keep from scratching when it\'s in your bag" solution. i would have liked to see something with a latch where you can wear the av500 on your hip or what not - mostly for walking or transport. as an update: the lid to the case can flip over and, using the same button/latch that keeps it shut, instead allow it to act as a stand.   it\'s lack of mutlitasking support is extremely annoying! it baffle\'s common sense trying to figure out why this option was left out. i\'d love to be able to browse through my pictures while listenning - or put on a nice slide show. you can browse the hd structure, but attempting to interact with the folders or files at all (for instance, renaming) will result in the music being stopped.  i expected it to display a picture (perhaps one named "folder.jpg") in the same folder as the music is being played. it does display an embedded image from the mp3 if the file contains one - this is the future of mp3, but still, support for the past and not requireing me to go back over all my albums and re-encode them with an image would have been nice.  it\'s not a portable option. it\'s bulky and heavy; it\'s button\'s... yeah, i mentioned this twice already; tt\'s screen is very easily smudged - it\'s not an ipod! i don\'t mean this as a bad thing, but i bought it to compete with the ipod, instead of a portable media player, i got a portable media center - if it had wireless b or g support i would marry it! but i would not take it to the gym and i would not even attempt to run with it. if you could see it more as a hub or base of operations for your media experience, you\'d be better off.  summary: it\'s not as portable as the other devices thus you\'d likely need some other device (with mass storage mode support) to get the full pmp experience, and use the av500 as a base of operations transfering music back and forth. it\'s price is very reasonable for what it does. i don\'t use it\'s dvr features so i can\'t comment on this aspect. it\'s interface is dodgy (though the iconic display is nice) - why no touch screen? i\'d have paid the extra for this option.  if you don\'t need this for when your on the go or at the gym, grab it and enjoy!   ', 'this was my 2nd mp3 player (my first was the rio s10, which broke) and right when i opened it from the box the top button was screwed up it could only go one way it was sooooo annoying! then about a month later it was so screwed up that it would freeze, turn off, and make the song sound weird! i threw this peice of trash away and got a buslink mp3-sk 256 mb player which is way better! i love it! it has a built in loud speaker so i dont have to use those annoying earbuds! so i deffinatly recomend the buslink one over this stupid one!  ', 'two things, is there a case for this thing you can buy anywhere? also, is it the same size as the 20 gb model? thanks!   ', 'the good: line-in encoding. voice recording. equalizer. long battery life.  small. lightweight.  easy-to-use.  portable.   the bad:  skips between songs-there is about a 1-second pause between songs. cuts off the first second of every song-it will start at 00:01 and not 00:00; this can be circumvented, however.  the "favorites" playlist will re-order itself by album name if you turn the player off and back on again. quite annoying, actually. shuffle and repeat one modes take up tons of battery.  does not seem to be compatible with any format of playlist. also quite annoying.  the clock is always two minutes off. you can only set the hour, not the minute.  the earbuds short out quickly.  sometimes it freezes; a quick punch of the reset button fixes this, however.  scratches easily. the back, at least. as in if you put it on too hard a table and whisk it off, it will have a new scratch.   i like my player, but, as my library grows, i\'m going to be looking at new models with more space, more compatibility, and a more durable design.  ', "this is my first ipod and i love it!!  i have all of my 200 cds on it and still 50+ gb free.  amazing.  plus i have pictures on it that i've transferred from my camera.  ", 'we have an h340 that is 3 months out of warranty.  when its internal battery stopped holding a charge we were told that we now had a "paperweight."  don\'t trust this brand.  ', 'i have a different iriver, the ifp 899 which was apparently made before iriver decided to save money every possible way they could, in order to maximize their profits.  the t30 costs almost the same as the 899, but has all the worthwhile features taken out.  you have hardly any control over the quality of the recording you make, way less ability to navigate--you name it and it is not in this machine.  not only that, but after a few months of very light use, it started making corrupt recordings which makes it a huge hassle to load them onto my computer and compress them.  plus, recorded files are enormous unless you use the "low" quality recording setting--and then their quality is rotten  ', "first of all, i wish i had done a little more testing of this unit before the 30 day amazon return period was up. tried it out and was very satisfied with the picture quality and sound through the demos. after owning it for about 5 weeks, finally loaded music on it and took a road bike trip for about 4 hours. battery died at 3.5 hours. fully charged it up and tried again, this time dead in an hour. charged again and did a test playing only music, made it about 10 hours this time. haven't found anyone else in the reviews who has had this problem. the spec says 18 hours of audio and this is due to the larger battery. never tried the video. tried contacting cowonamerica through email, phone and signing up for their online help site. they have to verify your email address before you can enter the site. got a email verification back and tried to logon, no luck, said email address was not verified even though the email i received from them said it was. i was not willing to take the risk of no customer service for a device i paid over 300.00 for. i loved the a2 when it worked, easy to load music, great sound, and the video demo was crystal clear. sent it back to amazon for a partial refund and will probably buy an archos, as i was able to contact their service department by phone in about 30 seconds. great machine bummer service.   ", "in all fairness this player was defective. i did like the features and the size of this player, when it did work. however, the support is not good at all.  there is no 800 number to call and all questions are answered by email.  the process takes 24 hrs.  if you don't receive a positive answer, you need to wait for another response, another 24 hrs.  this is irritating.  this player has a long way to go, but when the bugs are satifactorily corrected it will probably be very popular.   creative produces a very good sound blaster.  amazon,s return policy is terrific.    ", 'we bought a sandisk sansa e260 and our son had problems getting it to synchronize from the time that he took it out of the box. then today his sandisk sansa e260 fell 2 feet to the floor while he was sitting down and now the screen is destroyed with lines running through it internally. one would think that a 24" fall would not be enough to destroy a flash drive player, but even a rubber skin on the player was not enough to protect this poorly designed player from internal damage. i called the sandisk company and spoke with a manager who stated that the sandisk players are not designed to resist any type of falls "even if it only falls 12" or less." i did not tell this manager that our kids previously owned the sandisk sansa m240 which not only stood up to the abuse of many impacts and falls, but one of them went through the wash and still worked! the new sandisk sansas do not hold up to the quality that their players once were. these e260 players are less expensive than some and they have decent sound quality, but don\'t waste your money on these players if you want a player that will last more than a few months.  ', "overall i found the 1gb ipod nano pretty good for everyday use. i can plug it into the car, or listen to it while at the gym. sound quality is above average. it has some simple games included too. since the i pods are popular by far, theres so many accesories available and to choose from. the downside is that the nano scratches so easily, so i had to cover it with a film and rubber casing. playing the games likes to drain the batteries because of the constantly lit screen. the other thing down the road is wondering how long the internal battery will last. i've heard apple customer service is very good from friends, so that's a plus. when i compared it to other players of this memory capacity and features, i found that the nano overall dominates, other than its nonreplaceable battery.   ", 'just returned my second av500.  first one would not charge / turn on. technical support told me to exchange it.   second av500 seemed to work but had to use tv pod to get a/v in (awkward). then after recording a video file i was not able to transfer it to my computer. small files will transfer but not the larger one. technical support was not able to explain the error message shown. tested on multiple computers.... lost important video footage. gave up.  ', "it's nice... gives me options with plenty of disk space... i like to store a lot of pics... it's nice when you're on the go... also hooks up to my hdtv... i'm pretty happy with my ipod and would definitely recommend one to anyone....  ", "the best thing about this player is the four way navigation buttons.  if you find wheels and touch-sensitive strips irritating, this is the mp3 player for you.  simply press the ^ and v buttons to scroll, > to skip or select, &lt; to go back, play to start or stop, menu to change the settings, and mode to switch the browser between artist, album, genre, etc..  the whole thing is very intuitive after just a few minuets of use.      the display is very clear and informative, the exception being that the battery display has only three sections, making it not that usefull.    the whole thing is rock solid yet very light, and the on/off switch is so flat and sunken it will never be turned on by accident.  one time i dropped it and it just hung on the end of the cord without hitting the floor it's so light.    the earbuds that come with it are strangely shaped and hurt my ears so i dont use them.  the so called 'carrying case' is just a felt cover to prevent scratches, not padded or anything(but still nice to have).    the sonicstage software is a bit sluggish, but if you just want to transfer files and use a different program for listening, i think it's fine.    i am confident this thing is going to last a long time beacause i got my sony cd player about five years ago and after much hard usage it still works great.    also, this thing can playback and charge at the same time so you can plug it in when it gets low on power without skipping a beat.    one of the best things is that if you set playback to random you can shuffle all songs, one artist, one album, one genre, etc. just by selecting it.     also don't listen to the guy who complained about the scroll speed.  first of all, there is no comprehensive list of individual songs, so there could not even be 3000 items to scroll through.  secondly, even if there was, the menu is wrap-around so it would only take half that long.  due to the multiple categories to organize tracks by, it could only take about 30 sec. tops to find the song you want.    overall the only three petty complaints i have are these: the ac/dc power adapter partially covers the on/off switch, so you can't turn on or off without taking the plug out(a minor annoyance), artists are organized alphabeticly even if they start with 'the', which i know is silly but it gets on my nerves, and thirdly, the shuffle algorithim is a little sketchy and seems to play some songs more than others. but belive me, if you can find a seller, buy it.   p.s. the battery is user-replacable, and you can probably find a new one at batteries plus.  ", "apple won't tell you this before you buy this product. if you use this with third-party video products it wont let you switch the tv out selector to on. this means it won't work with those products. apple sells two special cable sets you need in order to watch video. each of these sells for $49.99. there is currently a four week wait for these cables. i have a laptop-like vision video 55 that allows the ipod to drop into a special bay so you can watch videos on a bigger screen and carry it around. its great for traveling etc. my previous ipod videos worked great with this and a similar unit sold by phillips. now if i want to use these portable video devices i need one of these special cables partially defeating the point of having these custom devices. and this isn't a fit issue. apple has purposely done this to prevent users from using third-party devices. don't look to future after-market video devices to fix this problem. apple has decided to be greedy on this point. if you just watch video on the ipod itself or on your home tv this will work fine (if you buy one of apple's $50 cables). i wish i could return my ipod but they wont take it back :-(. maybe i'll start calling mine the ipoop :-).  ", "started importing music from cd's. my computer froze. uninstalled and reinstalled. still freezes. i mean freeze where you have to cut power. called sony and we check my operating system xp, ram, service pack, etc... did everything they told me to, and still freezes. deleted and uninstalled it, and now i'm on my way to return to the store. i bought this yesterday. it looks great and the fm tuner sounds fine, but can not get past the software to load my music. i seen the negative reviews but i thought this is sony. tried it anyways and now i have a headache.  ", 'it costs half as much as an average ipod it hold twice as much as a average ipod! how can i refuse.  ', "the player does all that it says.  but everyone's worst nightmare is getting a bad one out of the box, which happened to me.  i called creative support and the helped me confirm the hard drive was defective.  then i told amazon and in 5 minutes had a prepaid return label and a new player within the week.  that is great in anyone's book.  still getting used to the player, but it works great!  ", "its true, the 4th generation 30 gig apple ipod is a very good product.  is it great?  well, maybe not.  but its not that this 4g model does not have every thing that some body wants out of an mp3 player, including video, the ability to hold and show pictures (about 25,000 of them), music (7,500 songs) and a pretty good battery life when listening to music of at least 10-15 hours per charge.  when writing a review of any ipod i believe that you must mention apple's itunes software, which make is very easy to buy and download music to your ipod, that is why it is the industry leader this in regard.  also, the body of the ipod is very slim, the menu of the device is very easy to figure out even if you have never used one before.  within minutes of turning it on you will be able to understand how to download music, create play lists and arrange your music just the way that you want it.  whether you like the apple ipod or not as an electronic device you have to give apple credit for the fact that it is very easy to use, all the way around.    so, what's wrong with the ipod?  well, the fact that the battery life on this particular model is very limited when you are watching video on it, about two hours.  also, while the screen of the 4g ipod is very crisp and clean, it is just hard to view.  but then again, a small mp3 player like the ipod is naturally going to have a small screen, there is really nothing you can do about that, it does though strain your eyes to view the screen for long periods of time. also, the screen does scratch very, very, very easily.  any thing will do it and i think that it is real down side to this product, it should have made so that any body could be able to carry it in their pocket without worrying about whether the screen is going to scratch or not.  that would resemble to me at least that it is a product that is made to last, instead of one that is made to last until next ipod comes out so that maybe you have to buy another one.  i would really recommend that you purchase a protective case for any ipod that you buy because they all seem to scratch pretty easy.  having been a fan of apple products throughout the years i would say that this product is worth a four out of five.  i wish that all ipod came with a home docking station instead of just the usb cable to charge and download music.  i think they sell those docks for 20 bucks, but they make them for only 5 in china and it would great if they included that in the package.  the sound quality of the ipod is very good, and it should be for a couple of hundred bucks but if apple doesn't make some changes to the 6g ipod which is probably due out right before christmas 2006 i believe that other players could offer some resistance to apple's market share.  this includes adding wi-fi, maybe a built in satellite radio function, perhaps different colors for the ipod, touch face design, maybe a wide screen, it has to be some thing to set the ipod a part from every other mp3 player out there.  all coupled with at least 20 hour battery life with music and 10 hour battery life with video, i think that is one thing that every body can agree on.    ", "you buy an mp3 player to play your mp3's, right? well, this player does not play your mp3's.  this is a cool little player. the invisible readout feature is cool. the fact that it charges by plugging into your computer's usb port is cool.  however, it claims to play mp3's and wma's. it does not. it can convert your existing files to play, but it can't play them. so, if you already have files, and you want to load them onto the player, you will have to convert them with sonicstage first, then transfer them on. this is very inconvenient, and will take up double the space on your hard drive.  if you don't already have mp3's or wma's, or if you are already using sonicstage, this is a good player. otherwise, it does not do what you are buying it for.   ", "so going from the delphi skyfi to a nexus here are my thoughts.  i don't mind the passport idea, i like it. i used to have two accounts, one for the car and one for the house. now i only have one and take the passport and unit with me. the ability to record xm is great, i setup a session to record air81 on bpm. worked great, small drop out in volume after each 1-hour set but i can live with it.  did not try loading mp3's, i don't really have any mp3's as i like xm to much.  now the problems. 7 days into using it, the unit died. all static if any output. i bought a 2nd unit, tested and found that the passport chip is okay, but the nexus unit itself went bad. i'm also finding that the passport chip gets very hot... almost unsure if it should be this warm but can't find anything online about it.  i'd say, all in all. if you can find the new inno on sale. go for it instead.  ", "i was looking to save my 10 year old son some of his birthday money so i shopped around for the best deal i could find. the samsung yp-t8x 512 mb music and movie player was the best deal i found with all the features he wanted. the samsung is a nice looking gadget with all the bells and whistles but it's feature are hard to use. the software that operates the music downloads is not user friendly. when the program is opened on your computer, the window opens bigger than my moniter. the buttons you need to click are not visable, therefore you need to drag the window up to access the buttons. as soon as you release the left click on the mouse, the window that moves the page up falls right back down, once again not allowing you access to the buttons you need to download music and videos.  in my opinion, spend a little more money and shop for a quality device with user friendly software.  ", 'the mp3 player was in mint condition, except there is a glitch where it shuts off randomly. but the same one i bought in the store did the same thing...  ', "my dad got me this for x-mas.  many other people probably found it under the x-mas tree too in 2005.  only works with xp??? wtf!!!  that pisses me off!!!  come on, that's just poor for design.  i have me now and now i have to throw down the dough for the xp.  whatever. like i said in the title; it was a gift.  i didn't pay for it.  the software was not designed perfectly, and once i get the xp up and running, i'll probably delete all the files i hastily loaded off my dad's computer x-mas day because my music files are all over the player and in different folders.  the player is excellent.  the design is excellent.  the sound is excellent.  the picture quality is excellent.  there is no video, no radio, but who cares?  think about it:  do you really want to watch a show on a tiny screen?  i don't.  that's what i have my tv and portable dvd for....and as for radio, who the hell still listens to am/fm terrestrial radio?    lots of people out there don't know anything about these players, so at the gym, people always come up to me and ask me questions.  girls especially!!:)  the ipod is an ipod and so many people have them now it's almost like their cliche.  not as cool anymore.  so, when you sport something different, people want to know what it is.  even though it was a gift i still know the pricepoints and when you get down to brass-tax; dollar for dollar, this player (despite it's flaws here and there) is still enojyable and can't be beat.  let's face it: no techno-toy we own is perfect.  ....i need windows xp anyway.  i hate windows me.    ", 'we bought this for my daughter for christmas last year, and she took excellent care of it.  in march the joystick controller split in two.  it seems like this is pretty common problem, but creative would not fix it.  i ended up buying another broken one and replacing the joystick myself.  but in sept. the screen backlight died.  i am really disapointed in both the customer service and quality of this product and will not buy another creative product again  ', "my 15 year old son got this to replace his zen nano that broke. he is rough on stuff and this is a lot sturdier. it's a good player to wear while kicking the soccer ball around or things like that. i've listened to it a few times and sound quality is good. it's a bit bigger than most flash-based mp3 players, but not much so. you can record off fm radio, which my son does a lot. the only negative is that the software to install on your computer is just plain crappy. it's a lot easier to just use windows explorer to drag and drop folders and songs from the hard drive.   ", 'this mp3 player is great for someone who likes music nad wants to be able to take it with you where ever. there is not alot of memory. ionly holds about 115 songs. the software messed up my computer so i could not get any videos or photos on it. next the screen gets dust under it that you cant get out. it is just a great little player.    ', 'large storage volume: 2 gb, mp3 player sound quality is ok, but the voice recording sound is mixing lots of noise, it is not a good voice recorder, change battery very 3 hours, it is not a good power efficient player.  ', "it downloads songs to the player at a decent rate to the internal memory, but it takes twice as long to download songs to the external (extra card plug-in) memory.  also, you really need to have a great battery charge to transfer songs or you'll get an error in the process.  i always put new batteries in right before downloading songs, then you can put the older batteries back in.  i can't wait until they put 4 times as much internal memory into this unit and give it a firewire interface.  ....what, i can dream, can't i?  ", 'i purchased a white sony bean about two years ago and have had great fun with it.....now i regret my decision to buy it. the flismy usb cover snapped off awhile ago,i can no longer adjust the volume,the headphones stopped working months ago and the latest development?i can no longer charge it because the usb jack has broken.....my advice?save your money and buy a video ipod or something more durable  ', "i hate apple products and especially the ipods - i wanted something that works just like a usb hard drive when it's plugged into my pc and just works without me having to do lots of messing around with horrible software. this product is it. i can view and store text files, jpegs, mp4s and mp3s, it has a good fm radio in it, it can record radio, voice from an internal mic or from a line-in jack into mp3 format. it is bloody excellent and does everything i wanted it to do and more. the sound quality is even really good, and there is a graphic equaliser that has lots of pre-settings or you can set it up yourself. the only two problems i had with it were: 1. a laptop didn't have enough power to power it over usb so it would not connect, and 2. the jpegs scroll through kind of slowly. i love it.  ", "absolutely terrible. that's the best two-word description i can give this player.   as many other reviewers on this and other sites have indicated, the sonicstage software is a laughable abomination- as if they outsourced the coding to a group of novice programmers with bad senses of humor. moreover, if you're lucky enough to get your songs onto the player, the player scrolls through tracks at a mind-numbingly slow pace- for my modest collection (roughy 1k tracks) scrolling took 2-3 seconds per movement. so scrolling through the entire collection in order would take roughly 2-3k seconds, 30-50 minutes. that's simply unacceptable for a device that costs as much as this.  two notable positives were sound quality and form factor. the device looks and sounds good, and if all you wanted to do was turn it on, press play and let it run, it'd be a great product. but if you like to flip through tracks, my best advice is this- buy something else because it will drive you out of your mind.  thank goodness for reasonable return policies.  ", 'i brought 2 zen v 1 gb players, one for myself and the other for my daughter.  we both love them. the service through amazon was great.  ', 'everything is working till now. i have it for more than 2 years, using it everyday... for listening music, watching some videos and like a super pen drive and the battery still good! i have a 30gb one and my mom has the 60gb. they are really good!  ', 'i could pick a mp3 player for my birthday. originally i planned on asking for an ipod nano, but i just did not feel good having someone spend so much money on something that i probably will loose or break (i have a whole notebook graveyard).   so after much research i settled on the nano plus. 1 gb is enough for a few days of listening, if i pick careful i can even go on a short international hop. i love the external battery, that is something i enjoy after my pda. and i liked the small, white design.  now i am using the nano plus for close to two weeks and i love it. great sound, even on the underground train while listening to a low quality download of talk radio! i have some classical pieces that i enjoy hearing and there is full sound, even on the supplied earphones. and the battery seems to last forever, i am already over 18 hours and it still works.   yes, the casing is a big cheap placsticy. i will just grab a cheap cover next time i am at the electronics store, and for what the player cost i can replace it in two years if its broken.   ', "at first i loved this thing, but if something goes wrong, good luck.  last night i hit the wrong thing and fast forwarded to the end of a program.  i could never get back to that program and ended up totally lost and with my information upside down.  looking at my laughable instruction booklet was no help.  there is not even anything to tell me what the various icons mean.  i went into the website and couldn't get it to take an email for support, so i called a 1-888 number and was told it was for sales.  they then gave me a number for support that wasn't even toll free.  i called it and was told there would be an unusually long wait.    thanks for nothing ceative.    if you are a technologically skilled person, you may love this thing, but if not -- forget it.  you sure won't get any help from the company.  ", 'pros: slick design. fm tuner fits in the pocket  shuffle option.  cons: headphones - had to immediately buy new headphones cuz the length of the earphone that came with the product were uneven.  charges thru computer. overly priced.     ', "never buy any product from rio ever, this is a horible product and i couldn't get anyone to tell me how to get it to work.  i was absolutly horrible  ", "i just got this cool little device two days ago and can't say anything but good things about it. i'm always skeptical about reviews, and this one had nothing but good ones. it has been mentioned the screen is small, which was my concern, but it turned out bigger than i pictured and very good looking. this plays ripped dvds/tvshows flawlessly and the audio is fantasic. if you are considering buying thisd over your standard mp3 player or the apple movie player i would highly recommend the gmini 402.  ", 'has everything except viewing pictures~  ', 'this is extremely hard to use and confusing. mine came without instructions. i accidentally pressed the "hold" button and have never since managed to get it off hold.  ', 'pros:    a lot of features such as video playback, mp3, organizer, alarm clock, voice recorder, fm tuner.  using their software is basically like opening up explorer in windows.  resolution and sound quality are nice.  having buttons instead of a touch pad allows for more precise control.  removable battery pack is nice.  there is an additional extended battery pack available for purchase.  has a speaker so you can blast ghetto music in a fancy restaurant if you\'d like.  can take a compactflash card to transfer data.  many other fun features.        cons:  omg is it huge!!!  i honestly wasn\'t expecting it to be that big.  i thought "hm... maybe a little bit bigger than the zen vision m...?"  this thing is almost the exact same size as my nintendo ds!  i just can\'t get over how huge it is.  it\'s a bit of a turn off for those who might want to use it to exercise and walk around with.  think super old school walkman but significantly heavier! when the delivery guy dropped it off, i was shocked that the box was so huge!!  i thought they had sent me the wrong item!  and then i opened it...!!!  i was almost repulsed by how prehistoric it looked!  more cons...  the thing lags.  it definitely doesn\'t operate nearly as fast as the ipod when switching menus.  i guess that\'s because of all the things it offers.  it does get to be a little bit tedious and frustrating.    even more cons...  lack of accessories.  i guess i probably won\'t need a toughskin or protector for this thing, because if i drop it, it\'ll damage whatever it lands on, purely by its size.    overall, as far as the functions of this player are concerned, i\'m happy with it.  however, i\'m still trying to get over the ridiculous size of the thing.  do i dare bring it out in public?  what would my friends say?  would people stare?!  i highly suspect that they will laugh.      oh well...  i guess i was really only going to use it to play music in the car.  i must remember to hide it in the glove box before i let any passengers in the car.  ', "i give this product a one star rating because there's no option for zero. got one for myself and my husband and as soon as it arrived i immediately put it to use. it was working great, i even fell asleep listening to it, up till the following morning when i changed the battery and then the damn thing wouldn't play. it got stuck at menu and non of the buttons were working  worst of all it wouldn't turn on at all after an hour no matter how many batteries i replaced it with. this product is not worth $39.99, a dollar or even this web page that it's on. will never try an off brand again.   ", 'i have bought this mp3 player a month ago and i have been using it daily while driving to work, this player is a pain to use even without driving a car at the same time.   these are the design flaws that i found:  1. very small wheel used to change volume and advance through the songs this kind of input device would be very good (see the wheel on the ipod) if only it were not so small. my fingers are long and relatively thin, yet this wheel is completely covered by my thumb with some room to spare.  this wheel is hard to use.  2.the headphone ear plugs are big (think elephant ears big) the plugs keep falling from my ears although i have normal ears.  3. the shuffle feature is broken once you turn off your player and turn it back on you will keep hearing the same songs again. in other words this player does not store the names of the songs already listened to. you have to shuffle your songs in some way before you get them onto the player.  in conclusion, buy this player if you have tiny fingers, huge ears and lots of patience.  ', "the first time i used my transcend box for photo storage was on a three week trip to alaska.  the device performed perfectly and enabled me to take 700 photos with two .514 gb memory cards.  i was thrilled with it.  the second time we used the device, we took it on a trip to africa.  we brought only two memory cards with us since this method worked so well the first time.  unfortunely, the transformer died on our first day and i could not buy additional cards in africa to fit our camera.  i spent a whole vacation day tracking down a kodak shop in nairobi to transfer my pictures to cd so i could reuse my memory cards.  i have since learned that the cheap transformer plug was to blame and i have not been able to replace it with anything since.  i was told to go to radio shack but they have nothing there that can be adapted to the transcend box.  i have the choice of buying another complete transcend box with transformer (which i certainly will not do) or throwing the whole thing away.  i'm really annoyed.  ", 'i purchased the archos av 700, but with the 40gb drive a few months ago.     i travel quite abit, including overseas, and wanted something to occupy my time.    this unit is fantastic, but not for those that do not like to read instruction manuals.   when i first received the box the instruction manual was quite overwhelming at first.   however, it is actually a very easy unit to use.  benefits - 1) when you travel in economy class like i do, then limited space makes it very uncomfortable to open up my laptop to watch movies.    the archos, however, makes it very easy to watch movies in a very confined space. 2) having the ability to transfer shows from my tivo is great.  i record hbo movies and my favortie tv shows, then transfer them easily to my archos.   however, realize that the transfer of shows happens at real time.  i.e. a 30 minute show will take 30 minutes to transfer.   you have to let the show/movie play, in order for the archos to record it.    it is quite an easy process to tape and usually i do it when i am working on chores in my house or getting ready to go to bed. 3) while i do not have the advantage of the new 100gb hard drive, even 40gb is plenty of storage for lots of movies and tv shows in the supported video formats.   4) no dvd\'s to carry around 5) excellent and comfortable screen size.... very good for extended viewing.   i sure would hate having to watch multiple shows and movies on a tiny ipod video.  again, initially this unit will appear to be very complicated, however, once you start using it (and read the instruction manual) it is actually quite easy.     i find the battery life quite good, about 5 hours.   what i have observed with the battery life is that it varies based on the shows that you are watching.   if you are watching a show that does not require fast forwarding (i.e. shows that you transfer from your tivo or recorded straight from tv) to bypass the commercials, the battery life is around 5 hours.   however, it does drop to about 4 hours if you have to continiously fast forward through shows.      anyway, i love this thing....so does my son, and everyone who has played with it - "i want one" will be heard often.   also, be prepared for attention on the airplane.    ', "i bought this player a few months ago. i have really enjoyed how simple it is to use.  as others have noted, the sound is amazing!  the earbuds are also terrific. it's very small and light.  great to work out with.  not to mention the cool alienware design.  i love it!  ", 'the "player" only works with sony sonic stage. the player is not bad, but what good is it if you struggle to load music. let me begin, sonic stage 4.0 kept crashing my dell pentium 4 running xp pro. upgraded to 4.3. 4.3 sonic stage will not run. called sony support, did what they said, still will not run. i am now stripping my computer down and resetting it up. will it run? i have now vowed not to buy anything made by sony.   ', "i previously wrote a good review for this mp3 player, which i have since deleted.  basically, what happened was a week after a wrote the review, the thing conked out on me for no apparent reason.  what happened was i had just finished downloading service pack 2 for windows xp (don't know if this caused the problem, but i found it to be an odd coincidence).  i went to erase the songs, which went smoothly, but when i tried to download some different ones, the program froze up on me.  this had happened before, and usually i would just restart the program and it would pick up where it left off.  this time, though, the program would not start.  i tried again and again, to no avail.  well, i figured, i'll give the program a rest.  at least i have about ten songs in the mp3 player.  i'll just listen to those.  well, i went to turn on the player...nothing.  i changed the battery...nothing.    over the course of three weeks, i e-mailed, called and wrote mpio a letter detailing the problem and asking for a refund or replacement.  i heard nothing back, not even an automatic e-mail message.  the only good thing about their customer service is that that don't leave you on hold forever.  after fifteen minutes, they ask you to leave a message detailing the problem.  that's great...if they made the effort to return your call.  well, finally, i gave up, chucked the player and bought a new one (another brand of course).  i talked to several people in the know about this stuff and they said service pack 2 was probably not a factor in the player's demise.  also, my new player works fine, despite my still having service pack 2.  i wouldn't have been so ticked off if the thing hadn't cost 100 dollars and i had it for a whopping nine months.  i expect something at that price to last for a few years, not a few months.  well, i won't ever be buying anything from mpio again, even if they come out with a player that holds a million songs and looks better than the overglorified ipod.  i am extremely disappointed in their product and their non-existent customer service.  i once highly recommend this player, but now i say don't waste your money.  you're 100 dollars is better spent on something else.   ", 'we ordered 2 of these and had to send one back as it didn\'t work.  ordered a replacement and had to send it back - same problem. item comes with a special sheet in the box stating "before returning call customer service" so i think they know there\'s a problem.  called customer service before returning the 2nd one - they were clueless and not helpful. the one that works is cute, but we have 1 twin boy not happy about not receiving his. disappointing. amazon should discontinue offering this product.  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000nreqfk/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/104-5192814-2842307">coby mp-c885 1 gb flash mp3 player with fm tuner and direct usb drive (black)</a>  ', 'if this is your first venture into mp3 players like it was mine do not, i repeat, do not buy this device. first of all, there is no legally downloadable music to play on this thing. nothing is compatible. but, go to their website and click on the "fill your zen" link from the zen stone plus 2gb webpage and it gives you all kinds of links to compatible services. go to the service, sign up for it, and guess what? it\'s not compatible. but wait!!?? they advertised that it was? now try to get help from customer service. they talk in circles, oh yea, by e-mail only... and then to top it off you have to wait at least 24 hours between e-mails to get answers that get you nowhere. in the last e-mail i got customer service finally told me..   "[we] apologize for any inconvenience caused from this experience. please allow me to assist you further in resolving the issue.   prior sending us an email, our website suggested some solutions for the issues that you are having. some information that i provide might be repetitive, but i want to get you the solutions that have highest probability of resolving your issue.   i regret to tell you that zen stone plus doesn\'t support online music subscription services. therefore you won\'t be able to transfer any of the online music that you have subscribe whether it is itunes or yahoo!unlimited."   well now, there\'s some help. all that stuff that they linked me to on their website, its not compatible. and i\'m not comfortable downloading pirated music. so now what? i\'ve got a device that does not do what the website said it would do. i call that false advertising and, oh yes...hmmm, its a piece of junk.   ', 'once you have loaded images into the drive it works very well. the pictures are crisp and easy to see. you can organize pictures in folders which is useful but not initially intuitive to do. it gets easier with more use. a major complaint is that the drive does not accomodate all cards. for instance to use a memory stick duo, you must have a cf adapter. problem...they are very difficult to find, if you can  find one! sony has discontinued them. some other brands are available but not in usa markets. in addition the adapters are quite expensive. i found this misleading and problematic given one of the cameras we use. the newer units may take care of this but at a higher initial purchase cost  ', 'theres some problems with it... software   isent that good, lots problems,i hate usb port carger, runs down laptop batteries faster  ', 'i got this for my husband for christmas and he uses it everyday.  it works great.  it may not be as fancy as some of the more expensive ones, but it certainly is worth the money!  ', 'my wife & i bought two of these for christmas in 2005 and loved them (our first mp3 players). mine died 5-28-07 (5 mos out of warranty) and creative\'s attitude is "so sorry, too bad, pay us for service, including online support or just fix it yourself." read the postings on the creative forum before you buy any of their products - caveat emptor. they have posted a firmware "upgrade" that frequently destroys the player. woe be to the owner who hasn\'t  backed up his ripped files. i have, and am shopping for another player, but it won\'t be made by creative, i guarantee. we still own 2 zen microphotos (8 gb) and her zen xtra still works, who knows for how long? btw, creative\'s software is junk; you would be much better served to buy notmad explorer.  ', 'the instruction manual that comes with this vibe player is worthless. i\'ve written tecnical support twice and the reply always starts out "using the vibe is really quite simple"...if it were "quite simple,"  i wouldn\'t have written to ask for help. i\'ve had a techno-savy friends try to get this player to work with no luck. we can get the vocie recorder and radio to work without a problem but i can only get 2 out of 6 music files to play. i wish i had saved the money i spent on this and applied it to a more user friendly player  ', 'sony has a winner here!  display is crisp and is easily seen in daylight. the controls are easy to use and straight forward. the size and weight are minimal - you can clip in on your shirt. the sound quality is excellent - even at max sound level. the included sofware is fairly easy to use and setup. it would have been nice (hint to sony) if a standard retractable usb connector was built in - i just bought a mini-usb to usb adapter and keep in in the included bag. the fm tuner is sensitive and locks in the toughest stations. if you carefully look on the web, there is an alternate mp3 manager available that is tiny and can be run directly from the unit when plugged into usb.  the unit can also be used as a file storage device similar to a standard usb dongle.  battery life is excellent.  just plug into any usb to recharge.   5 stars  awesome!    ', 'i got the product within the day the email was sent that it had been shipped and in perfect condition.  ', "looks like i should have read some reviews first!! do not use a smartmedia card that you intend on using in a different device! formatting the card for use in the dmp 110 will render it useless  for any other device.  i've had quite a go round with this device.  had to return it twice before i got one that worked (i should have been smart enough to stop then). still in search of a reformatting utility!  this device is not plug &amp; play, i'd recommend looking for something else.  this is very disappointing  as i have purchased other dlink devices had have found them to be pretty good.  ", "this product is awesome! i always use this. i didnt expect the video quality on this to be good, but i was wrong, the video quality is surprisingly good. the battery life on this is really good too. i highly reccomend that you buy this because its really a great product and i think that it is well worth the money. it's even a steal!!!  ", 'i just bought one not too long ago, but was not satisfy with it, although the design is by far the best among all the mp3 players out there, but in term of function wise, it is a totally different story. had to return it and bought the creative zen micro which allows me to put music files into the gadget through windows explorer or windows media player. in addition, it allows data storage as well which ipod mini lacks, and data storage has a maximum of 4gb which i am very impressed. it also came with an extra removable battery and best of all, i can update the firmware myself w/o having to goto apple personally to update the gadget.  ', 'i have had this mp3 player for about 4 months. i need to replace the usb transfer cable. i cannot find a source for this cable....the mp3 player is useless without the cable. how could sandisk sell this item with replacement parts?  ', "first off, my needs may be different than many peoples.  the sansa is tiny and nice and sounds pretty good, though you may want better headphones than the ones that come with it for free.  troubles:  #1: sansa doesn't recognize folders at all when you're navigating through songs. it just jumbles all the files together. if you store your music by albums or any catagory it's impossible to listen to your music with any predictability. if you have hundreds of songs on it, it's amazingly slow to move through the songs in search of anything and the order seems to be almost random! i record my own things and then use a mini-mp3 player to listen back while working on things. this was impossible with the sansa. usually you can browse your files by name, artist, etc... which you can do, but it doesn't have by folder. so once your files are on it... good luck figuring out where they'll be. and because file naming can be so random a few songs by one band will come up then something else them more of the previous band later... often much later. without any method to navigate, this thing is only for people who just want some cheap thing to play back whatever. if that's you... go for it.  #2: i bought it for the voice recorder. it saves voice recordings as .wav files!!! which are 10 times the size of mp3 or wma. i have to batch convert them on my computer - most people don't have a program that does this. not sure what they were thinking.     ", 'sure, you could get a shuffle...and pay for all the marketing, hype , advertising they do.  what better way to get people to buy a music player with no display (and little to no playback control) than to brainwash people into thinking its "hip."  what\'s "hip" to me is performance, quality and control...all of which this samsung unit has.  and then some.  for less than $20 more than the worthless shuffle, you get a display (wow!), an fm tuner, better sound quality, and a multitude of menu options including sleep timers, playlists and adjustable eq\'s.  it also supports a slew of formats including licensed wma\'s and ogg.  the included usb adaptor lets you use the unit as a flash drive.  there\'s two adaptors included, a standard usb cable and a mini-connector that lets the unit plug right into the usb port (supports 1.1 and 2.0).  the nicest thing is that you dont have to use any proprietary software to transfer files...you can do it through windows by dragging and dropping; by windows media player, or any other software that allows synching between devices so you dont have to use the painfully slow itunes program all the time.  the unit runs off of one aa battery for what seems an eternal 40 hours.  also, it has the abiiltiy to record from a built-in mic, a stereo source (has a mini 1/8" stereo jack) or you can record from the fm tuner.  how freakin cool is that?  the display is clear and easy to read, and navigating through the easily labled menus is a breeze using the little joystick.  this thing is so packed with features that you would wonder why anyone would get anything else for the price.  i cant say enough about how cool this thing is and how well it performs.  if you pass this up for the shuffle hype you need to have your head examined.  samsung rocks!!!  ', 'yes a little cheap feel you know how the battery cover doesnt stay on cheap electronics. makes music awesome display great options. anyone giving this a bad review should go buy a $200 dollar ipod and let the rest of us enjoy these for next to nothing (25$) wont find a better one.  ', 'purchase this item for my wife at christmas. she really thinks it is a great player. the sound that it puts out is great. highly recommend. the shipment of this item was excellent.  ', 'update on 12/06: i can finally use explorer to find the file. it\'s a good unit now.  ken  i got the clix gen2 but found that line-in recording required me to but another accessory (the cradle).   for clix gen2, i need to use both the player and the remote to do line-in recording. with this device, the operation is much simple (check the "ask alice" support in the iriver website).   i used the t30 to record music from a cd. the quality is good. everything will be recorded in mp3 format.  the only problem i had was i couldn\'t transfer music back to my pc. i record a sermon in mp3 format and tried to upload it to my church website but i couldn\'t do it. i couldn\'t see it from explore so i couldn;t transfer the file. i wish someone can tell me how to do it (it\'s difficult to get support from iriver if you cannot find answer in the faq section).  ', 'had it for less than two weeks and the player no longer works. the player would shut off for no reason occasionally and then finally it had a total malfunction.  customer service only had one solution and that was to reformat it on my computer but the computer would not recognize it being there.  had trouble with switching between songs with the toggle switch.  the headphones are bad to use, sound quality is ugly to say the least.  you get what you pay for!!  ', "first off, people complaining about the difficulty of using this player have either not used electronic equipment before, or have a hard time being intuitive. this product is ridiculously easy to use and figure out, although i will say the manual that came with it could be a little more descriptive. however most people under the age of 50 should not have a problem using it.   i am 3-4 day a week runner and i researched the helll out of mp3 players before i settled on this one. a big plus is it comes with a very comfortable armband and a small protective carrying sheath. another thing i love as a runner is the fact that there are only 3 buttons to mess with while i'm running - two very easy to find and press volume up and down buttons, and the scroll wheel for switching songs if you need to. it is small enough to fit in your pocket without even knowing it's there (a little bit larger than a standard cigarette lighter). second, it holds 1 gig of music, which is plenty for the average athlete/gym rat/runner. third, i bought it on amazon with free s&h for 65 bones. can't ask for much more than that. who cares if it poops the bed in 2 years, it was 65 bucks for a 1 gig player!? when it does die on me, there will be another better player that holds even more music, probably even smaller, for less $ than that. get into the digital age people, things get cheaper and cheaper every year because the technolgy gets cheaper and the stuff isn't made to last. frankly, most people are just waiting for their toys to either break or become so old they can have an excuse to upgrade to the next best thing.    it's easy to use, shows up as a usb drive and can act as a jump drive as well, can be plugged into a cd player to rip a cd directly to it, has a mic if you are into recording whatever, fantastic battery life, is incredibly compact, sounds great althought the included earbuds do suck (don't all included earphone/headphones suck anyway? i thought we all knew that), has different eq settings including a custom one, has shuffle capabilities, an fm tuner that actually works if you live in an area with good reception.... i mean c'mon, your 250 dollar ipod can't do all that.(plus it doesn't force you to use itunes). you can also reverse the lcd so depending what arm you wear it on you will be able to read the screen.  don't get me wrong, ipods are slick, but they are just so limiting with actual usable features. granted i can't buy a bicycle with a built in creative nano docking station the way there are 4 million ipod accessories, but i don't really need all that either.  this little creative player has it all for a great price. you can't go wrong if all you need is decent storage, compact size, usable features, and a dirt cheap price to boot. way to go creative for showing us you don't need to spend hundreds on an ipod to get a fantastic, inexpensive, compact player!  ", "with horrible software design, awkward button positioning and bizarre crashes, this sansa express made me realize why companies are struggling to displace apple.  i wanted a cheap usb style mp3 player and i got a nightmare, even with the newest firmware.  buy the sony usb style mp3 player. it's designed much better but has no microsd slot.    ", 'i bought this only to have it break within a month.  this product is too fragile for normal use.  ', "this was a horrible and udderly usless piece of junk.  when i first got mine (the first one i got) it worked for about 3 days. then it just stopped working and i just heard static when i wanted the song to play.  along with that, the software didn't work (i have a pc).  i tried countless times to upgrade on its site, called costumer support(which was very inconsiderate and didn't care if it got fixed or not), and did everything possible to fix it.  then i got another one, thinking this one was just a bad one.  i was wrong.  same problems with the software, and it worked for 5 days, then i just got static again.<br>       all in all, don't buy this one and get an archos or something (archos work very well.)even if it is a little more money.  ", "i had this a total of five days before it broke. i sent it in to be fixed. they sent it back a month later. it still didn't work and i have to send it back again. i think they are trying to outlast the three month warranty. you are better off paying a few more dollars for a more reliable player. this has been a total headache and a waste of money.  ", "fantastic player with good software to burn cd's as well. able to type in and search by artist, genre and albums. great sound quality and bass booster options. a* product!  ", 'i wanted desperately to love this device (the ultra-cool big touch screen, the external speakers and the ample 80 gb hard drive) but after spending countless hours of trying to transfer music files with no success i am sending it back. also, after transferring my photo files onto this device, about a third of my images would show up greened-out with just a sliver of image showing. however, all the thumbnails showed up fine. that is definitely a defect in my particular device. the opera web browser is sluggish and the touch screen doesn\'t always respond to either your finger or the stylus. when you use your finger, the screen does that funny ripply effect. i imagine that after some time you could actually damage the touch screen by using your finger. the pdf instructions of this device that i downloaded onto to my regular laptop are not as clear cut as they should be.  i will not say "don\'t buy this device" because i am sure that many of you can figure out how to make the best use of all the features of the archos 704 wifi. for those who are looking for ease of use, however, please give purchasing this machine a second thought.  ', "i love this little player!  i bought it specifically for the gym, and it is perfect for that purpose.  i also bought the pricey $99 bose in-ear headphones which make this player sound fantastic.  however, the included earbuds are probably adequate for most people.    pros:  takes standard aaa battery; line-in jack for direct recording of non-digital sources such as lp's and cassettes; 5-band eq with presets; fm tuner with presets; microphone; very good sound.  cons:  none after 2 months of daily use.  the package i purchased contained everything you will likely need including aaa battery, armband, beltclip, & headphones.  this is my first mp3 player.  i was a little afraid of buying one, or wasting my money on a cheap piece of junk.  however, this player truly met all of my requirements, and exceeded my overall expectations.  i highly recommend it to anyone.  if you have never owned an mp3 player before, and are looking for a player to use at the gym, this inexpensive but impressive little player should delight you!   ", "my first review was way too long, so i scrapped it and i'm starting over. i'll try to be brief because if i'm not, no one will ever read this and then what's the point?  good:  * the screen is awesome. resolution is stunning and brightness is perfect. maybe it'll suck outdoors, but if i'm outdoors, i shouldn't be watching tv anyway. =)   * the file navigation rocks. it maintains all the same subfolder i've created over the years, and i love that. dragging and dropping files as if it were nothing more than an external hard drive is brilliant, plain and simple.  * build quality seems solid and strong through-out.  bad:  * the audio quality (out the earphone jack) is acceptable at best. with headphones, an fm transmitter or a tape adapter, i don't imagine its shortcomings would be noticable. however, in a side-by-side comparison with my ipod, dell notebook, and xbox, all playing the exact same mp3 through the exact same stereo (pink floyd - sheep - 320kbps, yamaha 7.1 receiver, sapphire stii speakers), the archos sounded noticably and frustratingly flatter than all the others. thankfully i had no intentions of using this device at home, because if i did, it'd be back in the box, re-shrink-wrapped and on a shelf somewhere far, far away from me.  * while attached as a usb device, the battery doesn't recharge, even though 2.0 would support this. as if that wasn't bad enough, the lcd doesn't even turn off, so basically it's draining battery power as quickly as possible now. ridiculous.  verdict:  awesome-ness of the screen trumps all. this is a video device, after all.  ", 'the epson p2000 and family are not properly supported by epson. you cannot send the device to epson for repair, even under warranty. you have to use an "authorized service center." in the boston area i was given 4 service centers to choose from. 3 had no idea what a p2000 was and would not repair or support it. the 4th was a horror story in itself. months of effort to get the repair and return. they could not repair it so had to send it to a repair facility (epson). but had no idea of how to do so. calling epson was little help because the help desk cannot talk to the internal repair facility or check on the repair status. only the authorised service center can. months of trying finally had the device returned to me and the screen failed within a short time just after the warranty ran out. i was given the option of taking it back to the "authorised repair facility" which i have sworn will never get my business again. so... i have pulled the drive out of it, pulled my files off of it. and it sits in a drawer as an expensive reminder of what not to trust.   ', "i paid $99 for this player but it worked for less than five months. then suddenly stopped registering that there were any recorded tracks. fm radio still worked fine -- until customer support instructed me to install updated firmware. then it became completely nonfunctional and the computer won't even recognize that a player is attached. customer service takes no responsibility so i'm left with nothing for my money. i should have returned it early on when i called customer support with a set-up question and they claimed that the device doesn't support downloaded radio shows (something it did easily once i figured it out, until it completely stopped working). don't buy this product and if you have one don't trust anything customer service has to say.  ", 'i\'m checking out some of the reviews here, and have decided to post my *complete* thoughts on this topic.   first off i\'d like to say that it doesn\'t matter if the ipod is black or white.    second:    alot of people here seem to be angry about the "freezing black apple screen".  it can be frustrating.  if, however, you depress the center button and menu button at the same time for about five seconds the ipod will reset it self (this process requires about three minutes to complete).  my songs have never been lost when this happened.  i\'d also like to note that i\'ve had this ipod for 14 months now and use it from 4 to 10 hours in a day, every day.  i\'d again like to note that i bought a rubber case for my ipod 14 months ago as well.     it has only frozen about 4 or 5 times, which has only cost me about twenty minutes of silence in 14 months.      some of these reviews speak of the low quality of this product, like saying it has crashed, or is now completely useless, or apple is an impossible company to deal with (this i agree with), or the procuct is over-hyped, or... well this is just a montage of thoughts and quotes.       i am very happy with this product and i expect it to work for at least 3 more years, but i\'ll never know because it\'s practically filled up and will have to move on to a much larger allotment of space. i have about 3 gigs left.  at 160 kbps i have 10,419 songs i have 152 songs that are over twenty minutes long, some album sides burnt to cd then ripped to my ipod.  this is a product to take advantage of people, while it\'s still around.  i bought mine new for $400 dollars, i just saw a 5 gig on sale at the mall for $189 dollars thats half price with twelve times less space!!!! a rip off if i\'ve ever seen one, especially when you can buy the 60 gig on this site for considerably less than i bought mine for.   i do not work for apple of amazon email me for more details  buyers.  ', 'now that i have the mp3 player, i am satisfied with it, but i am not satisfied with amazon; the reason being that the unit i bought from amazon, according to the info on their site, also included an fm tuner, and what was sent to me, did not. rather than go thru a hassle, i opted to keep the unit, but i doubt that i will deal with amazon again.  ', "i have searched for the best player for wma files for almost a year now. i first bought the zen touch by creative. it was great but it was a little big and i lost it. then, i found the sleek samsung color player! sounds great! wow, was i wrong. i have over 2000 songs saved on my computer so i wanted a hard drive player again. thats when i bought the beautiful samsung design only to find it couldn't hold all my music. the more songs i downloaded, the longer the player took to boot up every time i wanted to use it. to the point where it wouldn't turn on and wouldn't charge. sorry samsung but you didn't do it.  ", "i work at a radioshack and we just got these in a week or so ago (mid september.) we had been getting a lot of inqueries about the ipods we carried but no one wanted to pay the price for them! then we saw these in our add and they looked fantastic. they showed up and everyone that works at the store wanted one.  the included earphones have good enough sound and are designed like the ipod earbuds. saying they are uncomfortable or comfortable is a matter of ear size and shape but most that have demo-ed the unit have liked them. the face looks sleek and high-end but you may want to get screen protectors or the cases for the m:robe that look a lot like the cases for the ipod. the unit itself has a really good sound but if you like really deafening yourself you'd want to get the updates that give you even more volume. its always a good idea to get any free updates for whatever product you have. if you're going to carry it in your pocket use the hold button and it won't allow input from the touchscreen. super fast transfers with usb1 or 2. a few hang-ups with the transfer software but was fixed with the updates. great amount of space (5 gbs! around 1200 songs in mp3 format.) bottom line: if you want an mp3 player and don't need 40+ gigs of space this unit is perfect. fantastic price even at its higher prices online. great quality, great accessories, always new firmware/software updates that continue to improve the unit, and a customer replaceable battery! the included battery is said to take over 500 charges and is easily replaceable and inexpensive. take care of your unit and you'll love it forever!  ", "i really liked this mp3 player when i first got it, except for the color. it was darker in person that it showed on the computer. besides that, the mp3 player worked great. it was my first one i had gotten and it was easy enough to use since i mostly used it for workouts and just let it play in order. the first problem i had early on was that it would get stuck after 1 certain song i had on it. at first i thought it was just the song because i would power it off then power on and it would work fine on the next song. i probably had it about a year to a year and a half before one day it just stopped working. at first i thought it was the battery because it kept powering off, but when i put new batteries in it, it wouldn't turn on.   it might have been that it could have been easily fixed, but i just would rather go buy a new one instead of dealing with the hassle of fixing it for the price it cost.  ", "i just bought a coby mp3 player a few days ago. i had music on it, it played well and 3 days later it stopped working. the battery was on right, i never dropped it and it was very well taken care of. now all it does is flash. i tried to plug it into the usb to see if it would start to no avail. i am starting to think coby is selling refurbished products on low priced ones. i don't think i'll waste my time buying another coby digital audio player mp3  ", "i agree with lewis...but lets be accurate.  the battery backing doesn't actually brake.  it just falls off when you least expect it, and it's so small, you don't feel it, so there's no telling where the cover lands.  going thru creative is a joke!  i already got a free battery cover replacement, but within a month, that fell off too!  i contacted creative, and they said it's going to cost this time.  now, i'm expected to pay approximately $20 to get another cover (with shipping)!  i told them that this is not an uncommon problem, and directed them to several different sites that discuss this problem (with still no solution), and that's where the conversation ended.  i really wish i hadn't bought this one.  i guess i should have done my research, but i purchased it when it first came out, so it wouldn't have done any good.  what a joke!  stay away from this product, unless you want to lose battery covers and batteries over and over.  that becomes expensive, especially if you are taking the economical way and using rechargable batteries!  stay away!  avoid!  ", "the only way to power this mp3 is to plug it into a computer. if your battery is low, you must get your computer not another battery, or battery charger to fully charge the network walkman. the cost of running a computer for power of a walkman is madness. it's cheaper to buy a lot of new batteries or a battery charger. it just so happens that the power company and the vga monitor, etc... does not support the bean. the sliding cover is difficult to control, since it acts as part of the charging, playback and hold options. the bean design is to hold in your hand palm between fingers. if you put it in your pocket, there goes that sliding cover. so one should walk around holding the bean in their hand. when i charged the bean and left it unused for a couple weeks, it discharged fully and i needed my vga monitor, intel processor chip, the mother board, usb port, power supply etc...computer again. it also has a very unfriendly user interface. no neck strap (except china model)  ", "the software doesn't work, the computer doesn't recognize the unit... .these can all be fixed.  i have had my zen since october, and like everyone else i initially fell in love with it.  i really loved the fact that i could download all my 2-year-olds music to make car trips so much easier!  i loved the size, the outlook sync feature, and the fm tuner.  however, it does keep freezing up when you disconnect it from a power source.  and this time putting a tiny pin in the reset hole to hit the hidden button won't do anything.  it won't shut off, and it's frozen on the beginning screen- it won't go anywhere else, won't hook up with the computer, and repeated attempts to reset are not working.  it's very frustrating to not be able to access the reset button- one reason i think i will be moving over to the tried and true ipod.  creative really needs to work on this major design flaw!  don't buy this unless you want to be really frustrated!  ", 'plz dont take this product....bcoz it has no sign of usb at all....when u connect it to the system....it shows no sign that it is connected...  ', 'the player has what to me is a fatal flaw: when playing back recorded xm content, the player creates an automatic couple of seconds of silence between every song. this break is even more annoying because it seems to not be an inserted space (a couple of seconds of dead air if you will) added between tracks, but rather is done on top of the recording. in other words, the last few notes of every single song and the first few notes of the next song get cut off always. this is more jarring than you would imagine, especially since like most radio stations, xm\'s songs play back-to-back (ie: the next song is played on the station as the previous song fades away). this is the normal continuous music mix we expect from normal radio listening but the player adds a very noticeable break that cuts off the songs on both ends. this is actually even worse a problem during spoken moments like the station ids or announcements. in other words, instead of hearing "this is fred on 44", the player will instead play "is is fred on fo" cutting off the message. another example is instead of playing the well-known jingle "american top 40 with casey kasem", you only hear "rican top 40 with casey k". it is just ridiculous and ruins the entire listening experience. there seems to be no way around this flaw either. it might be less of a problem for listeners of classical or other programming that normally has silence in between each song, but for those who listen to pop or rock or dance radio, this is really terrible, as bad as if a dj totally messes up the transition between songs on the dancefloor- what we like to call a "trainwreck" of music.  ', "i picked up the 2.5 gb version of this rave mp3 player this past weekend and have been very impressed with its capabilities.  the smaller version cost me $159 (before a $20 mail in rebate) and - having owned a number of mp3 players previously (muvo, lyra, etc.) - i have always found something lacking.  this particular unit's manufacturer seems to have listened to consumer's complaints before releasing the model, because it really is a top line product.  it works right out of the package - you can actually plug it in and listen and sync items from your computer immediately, although you'll have to wait a full five hours initially before you can get an 8 to 10 hour battery life as a stand alone device.   what i really like about this unit is that it syncs flawlessly with windows media player, version 10.  you simply plug it in - no software needed - with the supplied usb cable...and then you open windows media player and use the pull down menu to sync items to the rave player.  you can have it do it automatically, or you can do it manually.  and yes - it works with stuff that you've downloaded from msn music...or rhapsody...or napster.  very few mp3 players have the capability to do that with multiple music sources.  the sound clarity is fine, although i would suggest you invest in a better pair of ear buds.  the supplied ones work ok, but there are much better units (try the sony fontopia series) available for around $25.00.  the radio tuner works as advertised...and you can store your favorite radio stations.  all in all, a fine unit and well worth your hard earned dollars.  ", 'the ipod is great! it got here in good time and great shape. it has plenty of memory to hold tons of music. it is a great size to carry around and use anywhere anytime.  ', "i asked my fiance for our first chirstmas if he could get me something that will hold all of my cds. well he didn't like ipod that much and bought me this one and himself a blue one so we matched. i like it alot, the battery last pretty long for me, its small and light. i got water some how on it and it didn't get ruined, also i have the 512mb and i have over 170 songs on it. the down fall is if i didn't use his computer it would delete all the songs i already downloaded so i now have to use my computer and borrow cds of friends to download not just pop it in and down load. but i like it its pretty good for not being an ipod.   ", 'great products!!!  i did a lot of research on which one i wanted and i have to say the av500 is better if you are looking at picture quality.  they both do the same thing, except the 700 has games.  if you want more than one person to watch go with the 700 but for personal use get the 500.  i ordered both to try them out and then returned the 700, i thank amazon for making it so easy.    ', "i love my 60gb video ipod- there's plenty of storage room with all my music, photos, videos and room left over to backup my data.  if you look at the price per gigabyte, this is without a doubt the most cost-effective ipod model. the battery lasts for hours upon hours when playing music and still for several hours when watching video. i love the fact that i can hook this up to my tv with a video cable and watch my video on the big screen. it also works great when coupled with the dock and remote, before the apple tv, this was the best way to watch my itunes movies and videos on the big-screen from my sofa.   the itunes software works great for managing all my media and the sync process is easy and fast with the usb 2.0. just plug it in and go. i was really surprised at how clear the video screen was - yes it is small, but it's fine for occasional viewing such as when on a trip. made my 8 hour overseas flight much more enjoyable. i also bought an ipod compatible stereo for my car and now i rarely use anything else. great for podcasts and audio books, especially for long commutes.  oh yeah, and last but not least- it's absolutely gorgeous.   ", "i highly recommend this player. i did alot of research on the web and this had everything i wanted. a radio, recording, color screen and easy drag and drop song loading. it works seamlessly with windows media player at home and at work i trasfer files onto it from a mac with no problems. i have not a single regret purchasing this product. it holds enough songs, the interface is so simple that i can switch songs and turn up the volume without pulling it out, and so far it is quite durable. i think if i bought an ipod i would have deeply regreted it. everyone i know that has had an ipod has sent it in for expensive servicing several times and the price for an ipod is too much for no radio, no line in and being locked into using itunes suxxx. get this player, you won't regret it!  ", 'the item freezes and does not charge propperly once it has most of its memory filled.  ', "i wanted to end the back breaking habit of carrying several audio books from the local library to work. i went to my libray website and found out that this little mp3 player gives a lot for the buck.  it has an fm radio with presets, it has a microphone, and for those who enjoy audio books it is the only player that starts right from where you left, regardless if it is in the middle of a sentence when you turn the nano off.  it holds quite a few books for only having 1gb.  i have just purchased the 30 gb creative zen vision and will continue to use the nano for my audio books.  i just found out the 30 gb doesn't have the start-stop feature mentioned above. i highly recommend this item for book lovers and patrons of the library.  downloads and check out is much nicer when you don't have to pay the fines. the quality is perfect. overall this item is a must buy!   ", "i know that everyone else seems to love this, so perhaps my complaint is more about apple in general. my ipod mini (pink)is a lemon. the battery has never worked properly. it takes longer to charge than to discharge, and my current playing time per charge (no changing settings, not backlighting, nothing but hitting play and waiting till the battery dies) is about 2 hours. apple will gladly sell me a new ($70) battery, but other than that tough. it is apparently my fault thet they're selling shoddy products. i'm not saying don't buy it. there aren't realistically any better choices out there than the ipod, but buy it when you have a week to sit around and evaluate it and when they get around to opening a store near you. as for me, i think i'm going to dig out my old discman.  ", 'best little hard drive based player i\'ve found.  i base this off the comparisons with ipods, dell dj\'s, larger creative players, irivers and other players that lack that "je ne sais quoi" that i was looking for.  i have an older 5 gigabyte zen micro that i really like (so does my wife), so i purchased the 8gb microphoto for her.  it is everything the micro is and just a little better in all ways.  naturally the color display is the highlight here as well the increase in storage capacity.  i might note that the microphoto is slightly thinner (about a millimetre) than the 5 gb micro, yet it still has a choice of many different face colors.  it has lost none of its nice feel in the hand that was there before, in fact it was so well liked by my nephew and two nieces that they asked for them for christmas.  i take that as major praise for the design since teenagers have quite the opportunity to see different players, especially the ipod!  also important to me is software and where i can purchase from online sources.  this is important if you want to buy from napster and others.  ipod=itunes store for online music purchase, in fact you should check the online source to see if your player is compatible.  i have both windows and macintosh computers and i still choose a windows device (maybe microsoft is on to something!!).  also the rechargeable battery is replaceable, i have replaced two ipod batteries for a friend on an older second generation ipod (not something i\'m fond of) and when another friend\'s newer fourth generation ipod\'s battery began losing capacity i couldn\'t find  instructions on how to dis-assemble it, he brought it back for service for $85.00 and a day\'s wait, not for me!  the creative software works well and is a good tool for organizing your zen microphoto\'s music and files.  i could not use my old zen micro explorer with the zen microphoto, no problem though, both versions of software run fine together!  the software is a piece of cake to use and the 8gb microphoto transfers files about 3 times faster than my old zen micro, i assume a faster hard disk is in the new machine.  the sound is breathtaking and you may use one of eight pre-set equalizer settings, your own custom setting or you may disable the eq function if you wish.  currently there are five zen micros in our family, four 5gb micros and one 8gb microphoto, they all work perfectly and i am very pleased with them!  i have read in some reviews regarding complaints with the headphone jacks, the newer ones do seem to have a different connector on the end of the headphone; however, we haven\'t had  trouble with any of them!  ', "i have had the samsung player for a little while now. i really do like all the features, the screen and the fm player especially. the menu is a little confusing, but i have quickly learned to adjust the volume and songs without looking while jogging, an arm strap may be better than that neck strap. i have not upgraded anything and after reading other reviews i will not try, but i do not know if i'd miss any features.   ", "i received one from amazon and it was defective out of the box. would not charge. returned it through amazon's return process and received another one. had that one for a little over a month and that was defective as well. was no table to return it through amazon's site because it was over the 30 day period. i called amazon and they said they'd mail me a return slip so i could sent it back in. two weeks went by and no slip. i called amazon again and they gentleman said he had no record of them sending me a return slip. he said he's send one again. that was last week and still no slip. right now i'm not happy with iriver's product or amazon's customer service.   ", "i bought this for my 11 year old daughter because i had read several reviews stating that it was great for a person just beginning to use a mp3 player.  i have an ipod and this is harder to use than the ipod, my daughter is constantly asking me questions if you can believe that. i thought she was supposed to know more about these things than i was.  the screen sticks all the time causing us to have to pop the battery out so we can even get it to shut off.  downloading music is a snap but if its not a cd you already own the music sights you have to use charge monthly fees on top of the songs.  its ok but well not ok she doesn't hate it just finds it to be bothersome at times.  ", "after my trusty archos player's display broke, i figured i upgrade and get me a 60gb iaudio x5. as a journalist doing interviews, i was also very giddy to get the line-in to record interviews straight to mp3. a friend of mine loves his player, so i didn't even flinch when i saw the price.  ever since then i regret my decision.  apparently my player has a software problem. it speeds up all my mp3 files. i tried several different programs to rip the mp3s and always got the same thing. that is when i was actually able to upload mp3s, because oftentimes i received error messages and the player refused to do as told.  so what then: upgrade the firmware. sure. if you can make it work and i couldn't. the description online is poorly written. but it's essentially like this: start with a fully loaded battery. unplug the a/c cabel and unpload the firmware. now replug the a/c cable and that should tell the player to update the firmware. well all it does is conclude that the battery isn't full anymore so it better recharges and does nothing else.  i.e. i couldn't get the firmware to update and i tried for the last hour.  therefore i'll take the player back to the store and ask for a refund. and i'll get another archos - and continue to live with its misely 20gb.  ", 'i wanted a device like this; something that i could plug into my computer and access just like a thumb drive. when i took it out of the package, there was a cd that came with it, but as i looked at the cd and the standard usb jack in the side, i thought "i\'ll just plug it in and see what happens." that\'s what i did, and i was able to drop a few folders on it and listen to music immediately. i never installed the software. in this case windows xp didn\'t have a problem with drivers or anything.  more things need to be like this. itunes and the other software interfaces that are required by other players are a hindrance. proprietary cables should be banned, as far as i\'m concerned. this simple unit uses a usb cable and a headphone jack, and that\'s all you need. you can put it in your pocket without discomfort. it\'s solid state (no spinning disk harddrive) so the risk of damage to the unit is minimal.  the battery doesn\'t last long, and there is no hardware to run this off a car charger as far as i\'ve found. i am irritated that to use this in the car, i must have at least three separate wires going from this to that, which is very annoying, and i\'m still running down the battery. i\'ve yet to find a cigarette-lighter mounted fm transmitter with a "line-in" jack all consoldiated into a single unit. this would rid my car of these dumb wires all over the place. since the screen is small, you have to fiddle with it while driving which is a pain, but to be expected for something this small.  until i find something better, i\'ll stick with this quick and easy mp3 solution.       ', 'my wife owns the sandisk 256k (red) flash player which is great, so i figured i\'d try this one. after all, it\'s the same company. plus, it\'s a 512k flash player plus expansion at virtually the same price as the standard 512k flash player. what a mistake! the standard sandisk flash player is solidly built, has an intuitive design, easy to use buttons (even if small), a clear bright blue display, and great sound quality (even when using mp3s at 128kbs). the sansa has none of these virtues. it is incredibly flimsy; the buttons are nearly impossible to use, the battery door is made of tissue thin plastic and constantly falls off, the sound quality is rotten, and once you put the plastic case on you\'ll never get if off. further, while the sandisk mp3 flash player plays tracks in the order you place them in the player (very efficient), the sansa seems incapable of playing songs in anything but alphabetical order, a real problem for someone like myself who likes eclectic music: (one track "paint it black" by the stones; next track "the prophecy" from "the fellowship of the rings soundtrack"!) on top of this my unit was defective. the lock would lock the sound volume only temporarily. suddenly music would blare out and nearly bust my eardrums; next i could barely hear a thing. pure garbage. get the regular sandisk mp3 flash player or get an ipod for twice the price and a thousand times the value. this product is pure junk!!!!  ', 'i bought this a year ago and had some problems with it.  it was defective from the factory.  trying to work with sandisk customer support was not a positive experience.  i am about to throw it away and buy another brand.  ', 'i bought one for 124.00 and i used it all of three days went online and got the update for the drivers and it froze on the start up screen so i have a very expensive paper weight.  ', 'this is a nifty very small musical device that i use when exercising.  its great - holds all the songs i can listen to and is so portable.  i really like it  ', "excellent mp3 player.  extra small and light.  just drag mp3's over with or without folders. i like that it uses aaa batteries. one problem i had is it stopped responding, but after firmware update it works perfectly.  ", 'hardware awesome, software a flop. since you have to use their software the package is destroyed. i will give you the final nail on the coffin for me. i tried to put podcasts on the device using the latest sonicstage 4. no chance. it wants to be able to find each "artist" in the sony library. this was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library.  i had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now. shame as the hardware was a1.  (if you don\'t believe sonicstage is b a d then google it up or look at the other sony player reviews since they all use the same sonicstage)  ', "creative's nomad jukebox's are garbage. i've had my player for less than a year and it just stopped being functional for the second time.  the thing is not built to last more than a few months.  i don't like apple but better to buy an ipod than throw money away on this.    ", "i bought a rio carbon when it first came out.  i have the problem with the annoying ear phone plug, but i have been using this rio daily for years and other than the ear phone plug have never had a problem, never had a piece break, everything works the same as when i first bought it, except it doesn't last for 20 hours on a charge anymore.  i listen to audiobooks when i am running, cleaning house, etc.  i have dropped it a million times, found it in the bottom of my purse, exposed it to heat and cold, and it has never let me down.  i wish they still made rio's!  i know i have had it at least 3 years.  my daughter has one, two co-workers have one, and my husband's co-worker has one and none of them have ever experienced any problems.  i like the charger, too.  the cable has a usb end and it can plug into the computer or into the ac adaptor.  it makes it convenient when traveling, plus you don't have to have a computer handy to charge the player.    ", 'as many i did have some trouble getting my device to work, but althought i did spent good time in the attempt, i reset the device sometimes and learnt that there are some files that will block the iriver. it is awesome.    ', "i recently received the transcend digital photo album as a gift and could not be more thrilled with it.  i used it during my sister's wedding as a repository for all our guests' digital pictures and for my own pictures.  because it accepts a variety of cards, i was able to download pictures from any camera!  the download time is fairly quick and the device could not be simpler to use.  the screen is huge and has excellent resolution.  i enjoyed the remote feature for playing slideshows on any television.  all in all, this device is an amazing asset to anyone who enjoys taking digital pictures (and collecting pics from others).  when my card was full of pictures, i uploaded them and cleaned the card.  it was truly a blessing not have to worry about running out of storage room.  ", "this is the best mp3 ever! my parents bought it for me for a xmas gift and i only have had to charge it once since 2005 christmas! tough, great sound, cool lighted screen, awesome voice recorder, (good for comedy) awesome radio, what's not in this awesome little mp3? i'm 11 and responsible as an 11, so what's surprising is there's no scratches whatsoever on this mp3! i know, amazing. buy it and you won't regret it, i promise!  ", "no complaints from this reviewer ;this is the 3rd creative product which i've purchased;the other 2 are still working good and i got this one because it's small enough to carry in my shirt pocket.  i always keep it in a plastic pouch so maybe that's helped the battery lid from breaking off.  never experienced any problem loading music or mp3 podcasts from my laptop, i just drag and drop the files into my mp3 player & works beautifully.  ", "just got my gigabeat f40.  i love the quality of the photos, the screen size is nice (better than my husbands ipod 60gb color).  the funny thing, when i upload my cd's, so far i only get the cd art when i do it through windows media player cd rip.  i love the sample music and hope that i can figure this thing out to do the same with photos and pic at the same time (instead of starting a song a then menuing out to the photo section).  need to also figure out how to upload directly from my camera to gigabeat.  so far so good. no tips yet though.  ", 'let me start out buy saying that i have always been a huge archos fan. this is my third one and it is garbage. it arrived borken (from archos). instead of taking the broken unitback and sending me a new one, they insisted on trying to fix it. it came back still not working. i was told to wait 5-6 weeks for a firmware update, that would fix my issues. when the firmware did finally come, it did nothing to address any of my issues. so called them. still wouldn\'t send a new one; wanted to try to fix it again. i paid, again, to have it sent out. came back broken again. keep in mind, each time you send it to their horrible tech and customer service, it takes 4-5 weeks to get back. so now i called them and told them i just want to return the item for a refund. i was told i was past my 30 days! hahahhaha. i told them i haven\'t had a working unit for 1 day and the only reason i have held onto the unit is because you guys told me your firmware would fix it. so i now have mailed the unit back a third time and it has been sitting in limbo with them for 4 weeks now. i ordered this unit the day it was released. it is now months and months later, and i still have no working item; even worse, the nest generation 705\'s will probably been weeks away when i finally do get a wroking unit. this customer support is pathetic. i am a huge backer of archos, and i am telling people to avoid this company like the plague. they got to big to quick and can\'t keep up with what is going on around them. they don\'t care what their customers think as long as they haveyour money. you will hear a ton of people say that "mine works fine - i don\'t know what he is talking about". trust me. go to any archos site dedicated to archos, and there is just one horror story after another, talking about broken units and zero help in getting them repaired or replaced. if you happen to get on of these lemon units, the company will acts as if it is your problem and you must have done something to cause it. as stated...i have always been such a huge archos fan and have heared the horror stories, but now that i am on their side of the fence, i know completely what they are talking about. stay clear of this company. purchasing anything from them is like putting $500 down on black in roullette -- you have a 50-50 chance of hitting with a winning unit, but if you don\'t your out %500. because they will not give you your money back and it will pretty much become a second job getting it fixed (they put you on hold fo hours at a time - and then they eventually just let the phone system disconnect you. at which point you have to call over and get back into the waiting line - which will take hours again). please do yourself a favor. look at cowon or some other company.  ', 'it rocks my world along with the radio stations.  it only proves to you that good things do come in small packages.  ', 'i bought this same mp3 player, only it was marketed under a different name. it worked awesome for about two months and then started shutting itself off and on continually until the battery dies. when i called tech support they essentially said "tough luck." mine looks exactly the same but is silver and has the manufacturers name "kanguru." i wouldn\'t recommend it and i hope that the coby 2gb that i\'m thinking to buy doesn\'t do the same thing to me.   ', "the only possible attraction to this gizmo is the price.  with that said it is still over priced.  i purchased my coby player from a local sporting goods store because i didn't want to pay a lot for a new mp3 player.  i just had a really good one that i spent maybe $49 dollars for, stolen.  and when i went to buy a new one they were priced around $80, $90 and up.  i went with this cheapo item and paid about $36 hoping that if i lose it or get it stolen again it wouldn't be a big deal.  now i'm begging someone, please take it.  i used it for a few days and did not like the difficult screen menus. you have to scroll with a toggle switch several times just to get to a menu that enables you to play music.  the toggling is not intuitive and you have to jar it several times before it actually moves once.  the view is less that an inch tall and so you really can't see what your playing.  long story short before anyone got a chance to steal this one it stopped working completely in a couple of weeks.  i just took it back to the store for a refund of my money.  it is well worth it to spend another 10 or 20 dollars and get a decent mp3 player.  ", 'this is an amazing player..with the opera plugin you tube vids look amazing.. my only grip is the included accessories..there is  only a usb cord to connect to the computer..and this takers hours.. to charge the battery!  why a company would supply only this power source in the box is unbelievable to me..it makes the device virtually unusable without an accessory.. i can see charging exrea for plug ins but not basic power supply!  i would give it 5 stars without the power issue  ', "i don't recall when i've had such a frustrating and disappointing experience with a piece of equipment before! i downloaded about two dozen albums and a few zillion old time radio shows, in hopes of being able to listen to them on my long drives. i'd push the buttons and it would take forever for anything to happen. then it would tell me there was an error, but of course, no explanation for why or how to correct it. why can't people learn how to simply communicate? sure, i lost money on it, but i can't tell you how much i enjoyed smashing it to pieces and ripping the guts out of it! i guess i'd have to say, it was well worth it... 40 gb's is worthless if it won't play anything! it's heavy and the buttons are designed for some delicate flower... you can have it!!!  ", 'specs say 20 hours get maybe 2.  then have to turn of batter life switch and back on.     ', 'i never had to use customer support, that\'s why it gets four stars. wow i have owned this wonderful toy for a year never had a problem with. i have dropped it! it rebooted and rebuilt the library. it does so much. records, records your favorite radio programs too. (think felix hernandez) keeps data and photos (no video) create play lists whatever suits your mood. it\'s like walking around with your own theme music. an equalizer, choose your list random or planned. play all or play some. adjust the volume. oh and another thing get your own headphones. creative gives you an excellent product then gives you really cheap ear phones. but if your thinking of buying this at 8gb think twice and get more than 3 times as much space for the same price.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ea8u12/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/104-2853325-4004715">creative zen sleek photo 20 gb multimedia player (aluminum/white)</a> same price but get more, more more! a  little larger, same functions but at 20gb you\'ll lose your mind and make extensive use of amazon\'s very varied music library.  ', "this isn't the perfect mp3 player, but it's pretty good, especially when you consider the price. overall, this player has more good features than it does bad.  it also has a number of features i doubt i'll ever use.  the good: - size - at 512 meg, it's not meant to hold your entire cd library.  it's a great player to take jogging.  it holds roughly seven or eight full albums. (maybe more depending on the quality of the mp3s) - file transfer - it's a flash storage device.  so to get songs onto your mp3 player simply drag and drop the files from your computer. - size/weight - the thing is less than an ounce.  (try holding two aaa batteries, that's how much it weighs with its battery).  it's about the size of a lighter.  - strap and holder - comes with it's own velcro strap and rubbery holder. i-pod charges another 20 bucks for theirs. this player comes with a strap free. free!! - battery - while on the ipod subject, this player uses one aaa battery.  i'm not sure how long it lasts, because mine still has juice, so at least several hours on one battery.  so, unlike the ipod that has an internal battery and costs oodles of cash to replace, this comes with a aaa battery that's cheap and easy to replace (and it only needs replacing on rare occasions). - sound quality - uhhh...it's good and stuff - price - quite a lot of bang for the buck.  i've seen players with half the storage sell for the same price. again: this player will not hold your entire mp3 library, if that's what you want, this player's not for you. - system compatability - some mp3 players (ipod again), only work on windows xp or 2000.  this one will work with windows '98.   the bad - rubber usb port cover - it's flimsy and i just know it's going to fall off.  i don't think that'll affect the player, but i'd rather have a cover that worked and didn't fall apart. - backlight noise - with low volume (25/40), there's a perceptible buzzing noise whenever the backlight is on.  of course, you can turn the backlight off, and it's completely unnoticable when the volume is turned up (mine' usually at 30 or so when jogging). - track playing problems - a couple of tracks skip on this player, and other times whole albums would not play unless i transferred each individual track (instead of just dragging the entire album file).  - ear buds - these furry things annoy me. they're okay for sound quality, but they're a bit uncomfortable. ipod's are much better. i already had earphones for my old mp3 player, and i use them instead of the ones that came with this one.  stuff i probably won't ever use - fm radio - if i wanted an fm radio, i wouldn't have blown $120 bucks on an mp3 player! - file management software - even though you don't need it (see file transfer above), the player comes with its own mp3 management software.  actually, i've used this some, and it's better than some (rio, musicmatch); but it's still pretty useless. - microphone - the quality is ok, but why would anyone ever want to record their own voice into an mp3 player? maybe i'm just narrowminded... - mp3 ripper - this player comes with its own line that you can connect to a cd player to rip mp3's directly onto your player. if you're looking at mp3 players, odds are, most of your cds are already ripped.  i have to say, overall i'm pleased with my purchase.  it's not perfect, but at the price it performs very well and avoids a lot of the pitfalls of other mp3 players. no it's not a 40 gig player that stores all your songs you ever heard.  it is a good value, and the perfect player to take to the gym.  ****update**** after 5 months, this product stopped working properly.  it skipped tracks, and played some but not others.  customer support was a complete joke.    ", "unlike other people that have reviewed this item, i have found no problems with it. this unit comes with a cradle which i thought was a fantastic accessory to include in the package. the unit is very compact and lightweight and easy to navigate. the touch screen can make it somewhat difficult to land on a certain artist sometimes, but if you don't hit it the first time, you will the second, it's not rocket science. as for the software, i have had no problems unlike some of the other reviewers. yes, it would be nice to just be able to drag and drop, but the m:trip software was easy to install and once you play around with it for a bit, is fairly easy to sync with the player and add music to. any bugs previously mentioned in other reviews i believe are fixed if you download the updates off the site. they also make it easy to edit your mp3 id tags in case it is missing information such as artist name and album title, which is a must for organizing your music on the player. i've had previous players(dell dj, archos gmini, etc)and this one so far takes the cake. and at a mere $99($130 before rebate at radio shack)i don't see how you could pass this up.   ", "i bought one of these to replace my broken dynex dock remote, and it worked fine for abot a month.. and then broke, too. the bottom connector was just sheared away and pushed up inside the unit, and was rattling around. i could still use the remote, but i couldn't charge it while doing so, which was the entire reason that i bought a remote with a pass-through port. so, i figured it wasn't a problem, i'd just send it back and get a replacement. first, i discovered that the company had no written return policy anywhere (not inside the box, not on their website) and so i had to send an angry e-mail to find out what the policy was. they told me to ship it back with a copy of the invioce, and they'd replace it for me. that was six weeks ago. one week ago, i sent an e-mail (a nice one this time) asking what was up... no response came back.  in short: company is untrustworthy and makes products of questionable quality. do not buy.   edit: sent a series of nasty e-mails last week off to the company, and finally got ahold of some gushing apologetic rep who said that a replacement was in the mail and i would get a tracking number by the end of the day. that was four days ago, and i (of course) have recieved no further e-mail. i also recently learned that this company, in addition to ipod remotes, makes devices which hack into entry-coded security locks and gates. just in case you had any doubts about their trustworthiness.  edit #2 it has now been three months. i think it's fairly safe to say the company intentionally ripped me off. after all, what am i going to do? sue them for $23?  ", 'i was attracted to the m260 as i could drag&drop my wma files.  that was easy.  i also liked the use of rechargable aaa bateries.  unfortunately, my m260 went into a "reformating disk" mode, then a "rebuilding library" mode for a couple of hours then died.  i had used it for aobut 6 hours total. i returned it to the pop and will research ipods!  ', "i have a zen micro and i cant say enough good things about it.  my girlfriend thought it was cute so i gave it to her.  i was going to buy another one when i did some research.  the h10 had some mixed reviews but after using it for a week now it looks like user error...i'll explain later.  first if you have rhapsody to go (which i do) you cant complain about the price...its only $100 after the rebate...wow!  ok now back to the user error section.  many people complain that the songs are played in alphabetical order.  yes you can do it that way of you select an album and hit the play button on the side of the h10. if you use the o button instead of the play, you get the album to play as intended.  pretty simple but i can see how it would get a little confusing.  so just for that i will lower my rating to four stars.  other than that its the perfect little player.  as good as the zen micro with a color screen.  buy it!  ", 'this mp3 player is the best, i actually bought 2 of them. i also tested both.  both of these mp3 players have the best sound and features i have ever seen and used on a mp3 player. it has awsome signal to noise ratios, the total harmonic distortion is so low it is vurtualy not even there. the sound frequency range is the best. i even tested this mp3 player using a spectrum analyzer, oscilloscope, and digital multimeter. this performed the best and looked the best out of any i have seen.  i love the sound it generates and the battery life is outstanding. it takes only about 3 hours to fully charge, you can still listen to it and use it while it charges. it can also charge using the usb cable from your computer. the battery has lasted me with ocassional use for months and using non-stop durring my longevity test i performed it lasted me for actualy about 32 hours. it says it will last about 20 but both of mine lasted about 32 hours.   it also has an awsome fm radio, i can pick up any station in my city and out side the city and it sounds great. there are so many features. it can hold data like a jump drive and never gives you a corrupt file. it can do e-books, videos, and more.   i belevie that yes the i-pod has a big memmory but that is it.  the i-pod fails and is no where in the same class as any of the samsung mp3 and mp4 playes. samsung makes the best quality, sound, performance, and durabilty   out of anything on the market now or in the future.  buy a samsung.   as a side note - also samsung makes the best tvs, dlps, plasmas, and lcds on the market as well.  ', "i purchased the zen touch 40 gb mp3 player a year and a half ago. when it was working, it was relatively easy to use although the touch pad took some getting used to. the problem started when i decided to upgrade the firmware from their website a few weeks ago. as soon as the firmware upgrade was completed, my player died and i have been unable to revive it. when i e-mailed technical support i was told that since it was out of warranty, they could not help me either on the phone or even by e-mail unless i paid $19.00 an hour. when i explained that the problem did not start until i loaded their firmware from their website, and that they should bear some responsibility and help me, they continued to insist that since the player was out of warranty, they could not provide technical support unless i pay.   my advice is if you buy creative's products, sign up for a warranty, or never ever ever upgrade the firmware. personally, i will never ever ever buy any creative product again.   ", 'all of my past mp3 players had a nice, easy, drag-and-drop interface for loading files, but this one insists upon using the sonic stage program to load files.  since sonic stage crashes my computer every time i try to run it (there\'s a conflict with some other software i currently have loaded, and i gave up trying to find out which software it was) i\'m stuck having to load sonic stage on my work computer.  this means every time i want to change music i have to burn my music to a disk and drag  the dang thing to work, load the music onto my hard-drive, re-start my computer, then add music to the mp3 player.  mostly it just sits in a drawer at home because putting music on it is just too much hassle.  i think i\'ve actually used it about five times since i "treated" myself to it for christmas.  great value for my money, huh?  ', "we expected this item to be at least as good as the older creative muvo tx we've had for over a year, but we were wrong. the cheap plastic on this creative nano mp3 player leads to two drawbacks we experienced within the first 3 weeks we owned it: 1) the tiny plastic clip that holds the battery cover in place easily breaks off, and it takes weeks to get a replacement cover from creative. 2) even when it's inside the plastic case (which you have to buy separately), the unit turns off, loses its settings, or forgets what song it was playing when it experiences light impact, such as dropping 3 inches onto a table.   we never had any of these problems with other mp3 players we've had for over a year.  the creative muvo tx is a much sturdier product, and it even has a better cover.  this product was a waste of my money.  it gets 2 stars because the software is very easy to use.  ", '(i\'d like to see more reviews which talk of access issues, similar to the following review.) first i\'ll give the pluses.  what i consider a plus for the muvo v-100 is the direct plug and play access without any stinkin\' proprietory software to muck around with.  that, to me, is more a must than a plus! second plus, although, not necessarily anything real big or important, is the fact one can take this equipment apart and just use the guts of the unit, when separated from the battery pack, as a thumb drive. third plus and must, is the multiple level directories one can work with, the way mp3 players should work in mine humpble opinion, not this single directory junk where the device does it\'s own numbering system according to when each file was loaded into the player.  that\'s a big fat minus where the ipod shuffle, or any other device like that is concerned.  fourth plus is, of course, the space at 2 gigabytes.  now for the minuses, which are unfortunately way more than the plusses. firstly, there are only four buttons or switches on this device, volume up and down, scroll switch, and play/power button. so, right there, you know that the scroll switch is going to be the main controlling factor on this unit as far as moving from track to track, or going through menues which i\'ll get to in a bit. secondly, no audio feedback, of course, unless you stay in "music" or maybe "recorded tracks," and you turn the device on by holding the play/power button for roughly five seconds, then wait for the unit to boot up, which can take upwards of 12 seconds, depending upon how much data is stored. as for the menues -- which are accessed by pressing the scroll switch -- they do not default.  so, even if you memorize the menues, you have to remember where the heck you left off at.  so, if you left off at microphone, there\'s a possibility that once you manage to turn the device on, you might be continuing the recording.  oh, to select what you want in a menu, you press the scroll switch again.   and, of course, there is no audible monitor through the headset when you record.  so, of course, you have to ask a sighted person if the recorder is going. oh, speaking of having a sighted person help, what is with these stupid symbols rather than actual written text stating where one is in the menues? furthermore, what is with this bad habit of these devices that stay in a menu for no more than maybe 5 seconds at the most?  for someone trying to help a blind person out, or for someone with difficulty with focus issues, that just does not work, people!  hellllllllo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! as for recording, the quality is poor.  now, i\'m taking into consideration the fact that the recordings are being done in low bit-rate wave files.  however, the recording volume -- or maybe it\'s the volume setting used for "recorded tracks" -- is very much lacking. we won\'t discuss how badly put together the mannual provided on the accompanying cd-rom was.  no step by step instructions on how to work the device, just some cursory explanation of some of the features. so, here\'s my final grading of the muvo v-100 by creative.   i give it an a for concept, an a for space,,  however, for ease of use and accessibility, i give it a d minus. why a d minus rather than an f for accessibility?  well, as long as you stay in "music" and as long as you don\'t accidentally press the scroll switch before moving it left or right to go from track to track, or for scanning tracks, then you\'re okay.  secondly -- for folks who are left handed, one can go into the settings menu and rotate the display.  i guess that can actually be a help if a blind person is getting help from a sighted person and it makes it easier for the sighted person to se the screen. creative seemed to have had a neat idea when they made the first muvo with no display.  however, i got the impression that those particular models were lacking in space.  ', "i purchased the 100gb av700 in december 2005. it stopped working in may 2006.i returned it (at my own expense) for repair june 2006. received it back after 4 weeks. after 1 hour it stopped working. despite assurances from archos i still  haven't been able to return item for repair. their customer and tech support is  nonexistant. purchase this item at your own risk.  ", "this is my first digital player, and i love it.  i have had zero problems with it in the first three weeks or so of owning it, and have never opened the manual or installed any software.  i am able to download music from my pc, and books from netlibrary with no problems.  i have also stored a bit of data on it with no ill effects.  the fm radio receiver is as good as that in my cd player--receives most stations as long as the headphone cable is extended.  battery life seems fine to me (listened to an entire book, plus music and fm on the included duracell). i can't vouch for the headphones, as i bought in-ear passive noise-reducing phones to go with it.  ", 'the ipod with just one gb so what about the size, what i have read on the reviews seems that the nano is awesome and i got one the other day on apple and i got an engraving and i put (i have a rich uncle who loves me) so i think instead of shopping here for a ipod nano go to apple to get an engraving!  ', 'i love my dell dj.  20 gig hard drive that can hold 10,000 songs, great sound quality and stability, easy-to-use interface, seriously, what could be better?  i love being able to store every single song i own on such a little device.  i have a lot of music (over 5,600 songs) so the extra storage space is greatly needed.  and it sounds great!  i love the earbuds that it came with, except i sometimes have trouble getting them to stay in my ear.  i also bought a cassette adapter so i can take my music on the road.  another feature i like is the ability to create a playlist on the machine itself.  with the ipod mini i used to have, the only way to create a playlist was on the computer.  the musicmatch jukebox softeware is not the most user friendly or the most reliable, but it gets the job done.    this is an excellent player all the way around.  dell discontinued these, so you might have to do some hunting in order to find one (i suggest ebay), but it will be well worth your invested time and money.  ', 'so when i bough this ipod nano. i called in to mack sure it is what im getting like there was a case pichtured in it and im like wow this is a great deal for the price the rep said that it would be coming with a case so i bought it and when it came i opened it and it had marks on the sceen and everything. it did not come with the case that was saposed to come with it i call them and i said whats the deal with the case and they were like it does not come with the case and i said why is it pichtured then there like to sell more so im like so ur cheating people to buy it thinkgin its going to come with a case. so i told them i want a case since it was in the photos. so they eneded up sending me a i pod case that doesnot even fit my ipod nano. they said they had shiped it and when i got it it was shiped a week later so they are just scammers trying to get your money so make sure you call them and make sure everything pichtured comes with it!  ', 'the software is terrible, slow and glitchy. i have to start and close it multiple times to get it to find the player. the operators manual is just under 100 pages, so have fun learning the intricacies of the controls. granted, the hardware is cute and the variety of functions is impressive--assuming you have sufficient spare time to study the manual.   ', 'with different aaa batteries, and both before and after "stretching" contact springs (i was getting desperate), this seems to intermittently lose power.  when it\'s restored (almost always by just reseating the battery) it\'s lost its place to one degree or another, restarts at the beginning of the current track, or perhaps in the middle of the previous one, occasionally at the beginning of all tracks.  as if this wasn\'t bad enough, the backlighting is uneven, the contrast low, and the font too small for older eyes, so it\'s difficult to tell what\'s playing anyway.  the big power / play / pause button is indeed too easy to depress.  the small skip-to-next/previous-section lever (above the power button, on the side, barely visible as a tiny sphere in some photos) is too easily tripped (and there\'s no way to fast-forward or fast-reverse through a track).  workmanship in the volume control is poor; the "-" lower-volume function requires much more force than the "+" raise-volume.  the earphone jack was intermittent with one set of headphones.  and there\'s no clip to carry it (depending it from the headphones puts all of its modest weight on the earbuds is not cool, sticking it in a pocket risks toggling power or fast-forward buttons).  about the only neutral thing i can say about this is that now that i\'ve retired it from mp3 usage, and removed its battery permanently, it works fine (so far anyway, but my faith in its quality is badly damaged) as a (too expensive for its 512mb) very very slow (even on usb 2.0) flash drive.  i heartily recommend against this product (and won\'t be buying nextar again).  ', 'i\'m very satisfied with this purchase.  i decided to buy this instead of the ipod shuffle because two things: - the screen where you can navigate the songs you have in the playlist. - you can replace the aaa by yourself.  the battery life is very good and overall the product is great... i bought this to use it during my work out sessions, so if you intend to use it for this, i suggest you buy the armband too.   very easy to use, looks nice and the earphones are good enough (if you have small ears you might feel the included ones a little bit uncomfortable)... and the other "complaint" about the earphones is that the color doesn\'t really match with the rest of the iriver (the iriver is read and black, and the earphones are gray), but this doesn\'t affect my decision to give it 5 stars.  ', 'after purchasing this product almost three weeks ago i can say i am less than impressed. build quality is cheap. the on board controls are sub par. the record quality is only servicable on vga mode or better. even on the small screen, qvga is way too jerky. don\'t buy this unit for the sole purpose of recording copy protected (macrovision) material. get a better product and put a time based corrector (tbc) between source and recorder.  they market this thing as a pvr. it is not. first of all, i don\'t believe you can set up mulltiple recording sessions (you can set the one recording session to repeat daily or weekly). second, and this may seem picky, but it really annoys me, is the lack of ability to schedule record time for the av input. why would you need this? when when the conversion utilities work slower than real time it is easier to just hook the unit to a dvd player and record the movies you want to take along. unfortunately, you have to be there to shut the recorder off or you\'ll wind up recording hours of the dvd menu which you can\'t edit out on the device.  but to me the most critical shortcomings lie in the unit as an mp3 jukebox. yes, with a line like: "mpm-201 lets you store and manage a lot of your favorite songs" , it is being marketed as an mp3 jukebox as well. as such, i bought it to have access to my music collection on my boat. unfortunately, not only is the unit devoid of any playlist or id3 support, but what others have failed to mention is that the mpm201 cannot even continue playing an mp3 track while browsing the music collection. cheap cd-r, and flash players are capable of this level of multitasking. hell, even my last two cell phones would let me browse my music files while they played music. imagine hosting a party when somone asks you to play a sepcific song. after two minutes of silence browsing throguh 30gb of music, wham! there it is!  it\'s a great idea, good price point, and a rich feature set. unfortunately the marketing executives probably listened to what the public wanted, generalized the feature set, then left it to the r&d department to design the unit in a vaccuum. then perhaps the unit was then rushed to market with glaring faults that should have been noticed by the first group of beta testers (if there were any). these faults imho make the device not worth the $400 (unit, tax, and shipping) i paid. i would have sent it back if target.com didn\'t charge a 15% restocking fee and shipping charges. right now i\'m dealing with nhj\'s less than stellar support in an effor to get these problems addressed or at least find out whether they even have interested in doing so.  my advice: if you still feel you want this player, only buy from a vendor with a liberal return policy. or at the very least, get your hands on one before you buy. and yes, my unit is for sale.  i will update this post should hnj release an update before i have to return the item to target.com.   should the likely happen an an update is not forthcomming, i will return the item, take the $70 hit and hold to a vow never to buy another prokduct from nhj or target.com again.   ', 'this is the worst piece of junk i have ever bought.  we have an iaudio mp3, which is fabulous, and an ipod, which is ok.  although the unit is cool, the software is absolutely terrible.  it is incredibly difficult to rip cds and to manage the files, and only works through windows media player 10, which only runs on xp.  i strongly suggest that you buy either the ipod or the iaudio.  this is really a loser.  ', 'i purchased this mp3 player to use while working in the yard and around the house.  i love it and am considering upgrading.  i find it very easy to use and to organize the contents.  even after sending it through the washer and dryer, it continues to work wonderfully.    ', "i have two of these the first i bought for $150 more than two years ago and the most recent i got for $60. i have had very little trouble with using the features or transfering files. don't use music match though.   with xp windows, media player works fine for tranfers.   but there is a neat piece of free software called shoqbox buddy which is excellent - for transfers and creating playlists.  shoqbox buddy works fine with vista.  cons:  there is no way to expand memory - wish it had a sd card slot.   also i occasionally have to reset the unit to get it to start - using a pencil to press on the reset button at the back of the player.  ", 'after 3 months now only one speaker on the headphone works,no way to fix that.  ', "i bought this for my dad as his christmas present becuase he said he wanted an mp3 player. for 100 bucks it was a good deal, or so i thought. after he installed the software, windows kept on giving errors saying that the device wasn't connected or something was wrong with the hardware. after reinstalling the fireware on the device (creatives support is really not user friendly) windows still could not detect it. since my dad lost the box, i couldn't return it to the store that i bought it from.   like the last creative product i bought, the zen mirco, i've encountered problems like no other. save yourself some time and a headach. look form something else other then a creative.  ", "i bought this device because i needed a usb key (it claims 2 gb) and wanted to listen to mp3's and fm radio also.  not only does it not function as a usb key (some reviews have indicated that one can download new firmware to make it do that, but how many users have the skill or persistence to do that?) but my computer (dell optiplex 745) does not recognize it at all (thus windows media player 10 cannot synchronize to it). bottom line: i have a very expensive and not very good miniature fm radio.  ", 'i recently purchased this model because it advertised the ability to record radio. this feature was missing when i opened it though. i e-mailed customer service and the reply was "please be informed that creative no longer supports the fm recording feature." it turns out after threat of lawsuit the new firmware for the 30 gig model has this feature back however for this 60 gig model the newest firmware lacks this option. if the "record radio" feature is important to you please contact creative and ask them if and when this feature will be re-incorperated. for now, this feature is advertised and not available. be warned.  ', 'all i have to say is it broke in a month<br>not my fault at all  ', 'i have had the classic now for 4 days.  the interface is much better than gen 5 but the classic is slower.  all and all for for music and watching video on the ipod its self the classic wins.  the bad.  most of all the ipods docs and all of the past ipod cables do not work with any of the new ipods. apple change the computability so that you have to buy new cables and docs. they say it is because the old ones put to much drain on the battery(whatever i have had no issue). so if you are not upgrading from a previous ipod it may not be an issue because you will have to buy the $50.00 cable any way but if you already have all your ipod accessories you may want to keep the ipod you have until they fix this issue.  by the way if your car radio has a adapter for a ipod. like the pioneer d3 i just bought.  you guessed it none of the new ipods will work.  ', "the mp3 player is not to bad. i love the size because it is comfortable to carry around and fits anywhere. i kind of wish it had a little more space for more music but besides that i'm pretty satisfied with it. if your looking for a good mp3 player and dont want to spend a lot of money this is a good one.  ", "i did a lot of online research before i purchased an mp3 player.  i was initially going to buy a sandisk e200, but the store didn't stock it.  the salesman convinced me this little zen nano for 1/3 the price of the sandisk would be very user friendly.  he was so right!  i was ripping songs from my cd's in no time after loading the software. i only want some music (fm radio on here is great, too!) and don't want to carry around a big cd player.  don't care that there's no color lcd screen with pictures.  highly recommended if you're just looking for something small to hold lots of music.  sound is great, but might buy different eye buds...these are a little large.  i'm glad i didn't spend a lot of money on a player with with features i don't really need.  ", 'first unit stopped working within first year. even the replacement unit stopped working in 3 months.  apple will not cover second unit failure in warranty.  apple still have a serious reliability problem in my experience.  ', 'i got this player and i was pretty excited. i hooked it up to my computer and it worked fine for two days. the third day it stopped recognizing the device. i did everything i could think of...checked out the online directions and did everything they suggested as well. still couldn\'t resolve the situation. i called customer service and they wouldn\'t help me. rather, they insisted on emailing me links to their website with directions to possibly fix the problem...rather than helping me fix the problem and walking me through it personally. i think this is horrible customer service. needless to say i went back and forth, following the directions, not fixing anything, then calling back customer service to get another stupid link with more directions to follow. finally the tech. rep. told me to reinstall my whole operating system since "that had to be the problem" i spent a whole day!!! backing up my files, and reformatting my whole computer. and guess what?? same thing.....my computer still does not recognize the player when i plug it in. i have windows xp service pack 2 and they said this is what the player is designed to work with.   i really did not want to go with an ipod or something like that but i think i\'m taking this back and i\'m now through with creative players. take my advice and get something else. at least until they get this software issue sorted out. very dissappointing player indeed.  ', 'i am a former mac user who went over to the dark side with the purchase of a laptop pc which i love.  when it came time to finally buy an mp3 player, i researched everything i could and i chose the creative zen because of the price, the capabilities and that it has a radio.  the second day i had it, after downloading 35 cds, it would not turn on.  i finally had to stick a pin in the reset hole and then the screen was filled with unrecognizable characters.  i ended up having to download the firmware on a one day old machine.  i figured it was "user error" even though i did nothing wrong.  today, a full two weeks since i bought the &*^!! thing, it won\'t turn on again.  same problems plus the pc wouldn\'t recognize the usb connection.   i love my toshiba laptop and won\'t go back to a mac but my next mp3 will be an ipod.   now i hope amazon will accept this back and give me either a refund or credit!   ', "i loved my muvo, it's awesome. but after a few weeks of use, it stops playing mp3's. still works as a usb hard drive, but stops playing mp3's. not only that, but it also drains batteries that you put in, even if it's not being used after this problem occurs. my muvo, and my friends muvo had the same exact problem. save your money, don't buy this just yet. if this problem was not present, i would defenitely give it 5 stars.  ", 'before i bought me a zune player. i had this little player for like a year and half. its a great player. sometimes i still use it for voice recording for my exams in college. since the zune does not have a voice recorder. i recommend this one.  ', 'a great idea in developing what most serious gym rats long for: wirefree gadetry on the move and mp3 technology at our finger tips: plus being the first one in my gym with this new gadetry...major bonus point.<p>need improving: headsets cannot withstand sweat, which happens during a hard workout...buring out one side or fading sound.<br>another problem encountered was a reduction of my allowed 64mb memory to 60.5mb...even after deleting old file...<br>please refrain from purchasing until improvements have been made.....  ', "my dad sent me this after my video ipod got stolen.  i have to say that it does the job well enough.  controls are great once you figure them out.  very compact.  long battery life.  quick charge up.  nice sound quality.  also comes with fm radio if you get tired of your own music.   all an all... it's a nice basic mp3 player if you aren't looking for anything fancy.   ", "first mp3 player rca lyra 2.  hated it. cheep quality and sounded funky.  returned it.  bought the creative nomad ii mg.  loved it, at first.  after one week the left channel started making strange noises.  sent it back for repair as they assured a `new' unit would be sent to me as soon as the bad unit was received.  creative had it for twenty-three days and returned the same unit with no explanation.  still bad.  called tech support, again.  they said they would send me a refurbished unit.  i wanted a new unit, as the one i had was only one week old when it started having problems.  they assured me `refurbished was better than new as it had been thoroughly tested.'  i fell for it and they drop shipped me a `refurbished' unit.  disaster!  scratched, did not work most of the time, locked up, and would not work at all with my 128mb media card.  shipped everything back to creative.....  two months later and i still do not have a working unit.  i am not alone in this, as i have read other reviews on amazon.com and other places.  past thirty days so i can't get any money back.  don't waste your money on this one until they have the bugs out.  ", "my item came quickly and was just as described.  my daughter loves it.  the only thing she doesn't care for are the big ear plugs---wished they were smaller to fit in her ears.  other than that, she really likes it.  it was easy to load music on, etc.    ", 'sonicblue rio s35s sport physical construction is ergonomic, nice looking and appears to be rugged. exterior, made of a &quot;rubbery&quot; material, has a good feel and allows for a good grip when holding the unit. lighted display is excellent and fairly easy to navigate through the menus. joggers will have to stop and navigate through the menus to switch from player to radio (or vice vera) since there is no radio/player hardware button. sound of audio player is decent.<p>unfortunately, radio reception is poor. earphone wires which serves as the antenna is sensitive to movement and the position of the device. s35s has a bass/treble equalizer but loses its settings in radio mode once the unit is turned off. unit does not have much bass. when s35s is turned on, you may experience distortion for a few seconds, depending on settings. when unit is turned off in radio mode at a low volume setting, there is an annoying power/volume surge.<p>people considering purchasing the s35s will want this product because of its small size, nice exterior features and expandable player capabilities but will pass if an fm radio is important.  ', 'i bought my wife a creative zen nano plus 1g mp3 so she could down-load from books on cd. it died early, but not early enough to be within warranty. like a fool, i bought another creative mp3, but this time a 2g muvo v100. it died in less than five months, and again, after warranty. they will analyze the problem for $35.00, and i pay shipping (probably both ways) and i pay for parts, if needed. do a google search for creative mp3 and you will see what they are all about.  ', "after owing the zune for over a month and dealing with its user un-friendly music and video formats, i've come to realize that microsoft's reason for such limited formats may be an attempt to force change upon the music and movie industry to create yet another monopoly.   this is the only reason that one can find when looking at the limitation of the zune and realizing that microsoft is a software company. they are not a start up company with limited resources but are on a course for market domination.   buy the zune if you want, but realize you are financing intellectual and progress limitations.   ", 'i did all of my research in advance and am glad that i did.  this player is great. 1.  simple interface did not require reading a manual. 2.  uses windows media player (where i had already been ripping my music). 3.  very easy to create playlists and rate songs. 4.  includes an fm tuner. 5.  includes plug in charge cord. 6.  good battery life. 7.  adding on the iriver fm tuner to use the car stereo works great. 8.  simple to use with various sites for downloading songs.  my only complaint is that there is not an auto scan or recognition method to see when i have updated or changed my play lists.  you will need to add the playlist to your sync to get it updated.  not a big deal but i did need to figure it out.  this is a great unit.  ', "this was my second rio mp3 player, the first worked fine but had a very limited memory.  the carbon worked well for about 1 month.  then an error started to show up which prompted me to 'reinstall' the system to my computer and uplink all the songs again.  by the third month the player wouldn't link to the computer at all.  after numerous conversations with rio, they informed me that my player needed to be replaced and offered to send me a replacement for the low low price of $100.  as i payed just $150 on sale 3 months ago, i politely (!@$# no) declined.  my ipod nano works well everytime, is smaller, more user friendly, and has a 1 year warrantee vs. the 90days for the rio.  in otherwords, don't buy the carbon.  ", "sony's nw-e507 digital music player is perfection. the player's benefits range from its sexy design to it's user friendly downloading software. i had searched for a mp3 for several months and upon finding the nw-e507 i knew i had an mp3 player to rival my friends ipods. first the nw-e507 holds 1gb of storage which is perfect for what i use it for. my mp3 player is used for the gym mainly. i knew in my mind that the ipod was to big for the gym and the shuffle did not have a screen which was a definite negative. the sony mp3 player has a integrated screen, which has received several compliments. the quick battery charge is great as well and so is the navagational system on mp3 player. not a single negative i can think of. just buy it.    ", 'this mp3 player does work with netlibrary/recorded books.  i purchased for christmas, and i am pleasantly pleased over my sandisk sdmx1 which played fine, but could only pause and play again.  this one has bookmarks and the ability to skip 10 minutes at a time to find the right spot.  also has ability to play videos, pictures, read text documents, record and listen to fm radio.  take a hike ipod... this one rules.  ebayed for $26!!!!!  ', 'my husband commutes on the train each day for 1/2 hour each way.  he loves this mp3 player.  it holds a lot of songs for only a fraction of the price of an ipod!  ', 'this product will not let you drag and drop mp3 files into the mp3 player like every other mp3 player on the planet. it makes you convert your mp3 using their software to do it. most of my mp3 library will not transfer over. i bought a scandisk and every file went in with no problem and plays great. sony if you were trying to make a product that sucks, well you succeeded.  ', 'i bought this mp3 player for my daughter and it stopped working less than 5 months later.  creative labs customer service is bad terrible.  my unit boots up and when i touch any button it shuts down.  i tried firmware upgrades as suggested by creative, but the same problem exists.  i have bought iriver and sandisk players for the other kids..... they all still work.  look for anything but creative!!!  ', "received this on time, so seller is good but the overall product is not up to mark  i thought to be good replacement for i-pod or any other mp3/video player. but its not. earphones supplied with it are very average, dosen't have  builtin speakers, video out cable sould seperatly so no tv out, dosen't play divx, xvid movies so u need to convert them before u can watch them. its primarly a audio product and not multimedia player.  ", "i regret purchasing creative's zen vision w 100%. i spent a lot of time researching players, and narrowed it down to the vision w and zune's 30 gb player, and i made the wrong choice. though i haven't loaded any pictures or video yet, i will say that the screen is beautiful -very clear and i love the widescreen. the sound is great, even with my mediocre headphones. it's big, though, and heavy, though that didn't bother me at all. i cannot give this item anything but an f, and if i could give it zero or negative stars, i would.  when i received the player i was able to load 1300 songs right away. no problems whatsoever. however, starting with the very next day, when i tried to load more, i had nothing but complete failure. suddenly the device wasn't recognized, other than maybe once every 15 tries. even in that one time the player was recognized, it froze in 'docking' mode before any songs could be added, and the only way to do anything -even turn it off -was to remove the battery and then have the system 'rebuild.' i hate this player, and will never buy another creative product. the creative website, too, is a joke. there are all these questions you have to answer -none of which gives you an answer, other than something like, 'you should change your reg files. here's how to do it.' then it tells you, once you update the reg files, your system may become unstable. are you kidding me?!?!?! i'm going to do that when i don't even know what the problem is? i notice, also, that cl obviously doesn't want to talk to customers -all cs is you spending time troubleshooting. i finally fired off an email -i'm sick of wasting my time. i paid $258 to waste my time? so the emails tell me to reboot, then when that didn't work to update the reg files, which i did. nothing helped. customer service then told me i would have to send the player in to have it analyzed, and if they couldn't find anything wrong, i'd be charged for postage both ways. in a last-ditch effort i finally reformatted the stupid thing -erasing the nearly 4 hours of time spent downloading the 1300+ songs already on the beast. only then could i re-load the songs. after doing that i knew the next day would be make-or-break. i tried adding more songs. nope. apparently, one had better load all the songs one ever wants at one time, or forget about it. i had the same exact problems as before -freezing in docking mode and an unrecognized device. thankfully, amazon is great. i've purchased so much from them over the years and this is the first item i've ever had to return anything. they made the entire process completely painless, as far as returning the defective item for a full refund. i do not recommend the creative zen vision w at all. it's garbage, and their customer service is severely lacking.    ", "i've had the psaplay120 for 3 months now and i absolutely love it.  it's light weight, it's durable, and the sound is incredible.<p>nike/rio have supplied many features which make this the ideal player.  the arm strap and belt clip offer two different methods for wearing this player, depending on your activity.  the player is designed so that you can easily control it without having to look at the buttons (great for when you are running).<p>now i just need to get my 64mb mmc card and i'll be able to load over 150 minutes of workout music.  ", "if it didn't break suddenly, i highly recommend this product.  inexpensive, beautiful display, clear sound, fancy functions...  however, after 2 days, suddenly it broke... i couldn't believe it... i was just putting it on the desk and listening to my favorite music. i also used it really carefully because usually touch-panel products are so sensitive. however, it broke. if you don't want to waste your money, don't buy it.  ", "i bought the v plus last month, but had to return it to amazon.  i had the problem that seems to be common in several other reviews on cnet.  the software kept freezing in the middle of playback, and i could not do anything - restart song, go back, even turn the player off - without resetting, which requires a pin or paper clip.  happened several times in the first week.  my files were never deleted, but it was a pain.  i was sad, but could not justify keeping it - i don't plan to carry a safety pin in my pocket when hiking.    it is too bad, there was a lot to like about the player - the small size was great, sound was pretty good with eq adjustment and menus were easy to navigate.  i did not have much problem downloading files, and the bookmarking feature would have been nice to use since i listen to a lot of audiobooks (although i found bookmarking was not as easy to do as i thought anyway).   sorry, creative.  hope the software/hardware issues will be improved in the next generation.     ", "stoped working after 2 months. i only used the radio and liked the presets. however it now has a demon and when you plug in the head phones it turns off or does weird scanning. but it doesn't work. it also used a battery every four hours or so i bought rechargables but it was to much of a hassle.  ", 'the creative zen stone 1gb is a nice value in starter mp3 players.  it has the same capacity as the ipod shuffle at $40.  for $20 more, you can get the 2gb stone plus which also has a screen, fm tuner, voice recording and more.  pros -  + good stereo sound  + nice capacity for a decent price + light-weight  + simple design with more color options  + nice format compatibility (mp3, wma, audible) + usb 1.1 and 2.0 connectivity  + can be used as a usb drive / mass storage + can sync music with drag & drop or via creative software  cons  - below-average battery life of 10 hours or less - software issues - creative software is buggy - drm song transfer issues with some firmware versions  - not expandable from 1gb (no sd card slot) - no fm tuner or voice recording - larger than the 2nd and 3rd generation ipod shuffles - for just $20 more you get the 2gb stone plus with added features  creative\'s zen stone line was meant to be the upgrade to the zen nano, aka muvo mini.  the 1gb zen stone is decent but not perfect.  it suffers from quality issues and is really ideal for specific uses.  i love the new sandisk sansa\'s.  the sansa express has the advantage that you can plug it directly into your usb port without a cable.  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ov74cc/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">sandisk sansa express 2 gb mp3 player (black)</a>  still, the  creative zen stone feels nicer in the hand. it\'s not as sleek as the sansa express nor as cool as an ipod shuffle or ipod nano.  but it is priced very attractively.  it\'s good for a starter, workout unit, or gift for a kid.  the creative zen stone is lighter than the competition, but is still larger than the new ipod shuffle 2nd and 3rd generations.  the controls are an improvement from the zen nano days.  while i didn\'t mind the toggle wheel, it has been replaced by intuitive buttons for the standard functions (select, play, pause, forward or reverse).  there\'s a headphone jack and a usb port.   another change from the zen nano days is the lithium ion battery, which gives you about 10 hours if your lucky.  this burns out faster than the old battery operated unit, but is more convenient.  the sound is nice, and it comes through in stereo. as usual, you will hear complaints about the earbuds, which most people replace.  the zen stone plus is the only larger option at 2gb. for those needing more space, you will have to explore the creative zen, sandisk sansa or new ipod nano.  all of those units have higher price tags. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000uv4eu6/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">creative zen 4 gb (black)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000uv4eug/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">creative zen 8 gb (black)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000uvbdrs/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">creative zen 16 gb (black)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000etvkhe/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">sandisk sdmx4-4096 sansa e260 4 gb mp3 player with sd expansion slot</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000hz9cca/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">sandisk sdmx4-8192 sansa e280 8 gb mp3 player (black)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000jo7pim/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">apple 4 gb ipod nano aac/mp3 player silver (3rd generation)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000jo3n3s/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4398829-6044943">apple 8 gb ipod nano aac/mp3 player black (3rd generation)</a>    the price isn\'t a give-away, and the plastic case could be more durable.  creative has fixed some of the software issues.  still, this is a nice starter unit that can last you a while. check it out.  enjoy!!!   ', "i had a dell dj for almost 4 years and loved it.  it got stolen 3 weeks ago out of my car so i am going the ipod route now.  things i loved about the dj... intuitive interface, solid as a brick (i dropped mine many times, and punished the hell out of it.  eventually i just accepted the fact that it wasn't going to break and just did whatever i wanted with it. ex. throw it in my bag.)  battery is pretty good,  sound is as good as an ipod. doesn't have all the bells and whistles an ipod does but it is a heck of a good machine in my opinion.  ", 'i spent 3 days trying to get some songs into this mp3 player and i finally gave up. every time musicmatch jukebox starts coming up, it will give an error "musicmatch jukebox has experienced an error and must close". i can see the pss120 as a usb hard drive and can copy files to it using windows explorer, but i cannot listen to them on the device. unless you get the songs downloaded thru musicmatch, the pss120 serves only as a storage device. i emailed philips customer service and described the issue in detail. their email answer was to read the faq. what kind of answer is that? i then called philips. the customer service rep asked me to uninstall everything and reinstall it. she would not stay on the phone. she said to call back when i have done that and still have a problem. i told her that i have already done that several times on multiple computers and still get the same problem. she said to "try it again".  needless to say, i got the same error and decided not to call philips again.  i am very dissappointed in the product and even more dissappointed in philips customer service. i was considering buying a philips large screen tv, but after this experience i will not consider a philips product again.  ', "the p-2000, at first, seems wonderful.  but over time the warts begin to appear.  this device can be attached to you pc as a hard drive.  however, it cannot be used as a hard drive.  deleting files, changing folders, defragmenting, or formatting the p-2000 can render it inoperable.  because of the above, deleting image files is a laborious process.  it took me 1/2 hour to delete, one by one, the many folders i created during a one-month vacation.  why doesn't epson provide a delete all?  there is a known incompatibility with newer lexar cf cards, and epson has no plans to correct this problem.  (the lexar cards work fine in the camera and on the pc).    i recommend against purchasing this, or any other, epson multimedia storage drive.  since epson is not committed to keeping their products compatible with the latest memory cards, the useful life of their products will be very short.   ", "i bought one of these for my 9 y.o. daughter last christmas.  she loves it!  it's small enough to fit into her pocket and has a little hook on top for charms or a lanyard strap.  the mp3 is easy enough for her to use by herself when downloading her favorite music and family photos.  i would recommend this to anyone with younger kids.  the battery last a long, long time between charges via usb on any computer.  don't buy the super expensive mp3s, this one packs a punch for much less--- holds tons of media files, plays fm radio, and records. the graphics on the screen are cool too.   ", 'bought this one a few months ago. soon after started having problems, trying to add songs to the hard drive, it says that the hd is full, even though i only have 1 song on the hd. then it just completely shut off and i cant turn it on now. piece of junk, dont buy this!!  ', 'when this mp3 player was first announced and i started to see it all over the net, i was excited. i am a long time iriver enthusiast (also an anti ipod) and their first micro hard drive mp3 player looked great, with a color screen, and of course tons of other features that iriver always includes. (by the way, this is where apple falls short - they dish out the same thing over and over, saying it\'s a "new generation" ipod with nothing different except the front design. the ipod never has extra features except games, it has terrible battery life, and plus it looks rather uninteresting to me, though not overly ugly.)  unfortunately for me, when i ordered this iriver h10 from amazon (just two weeks ago it cost $271 now it costs 280, i have no clue as to why) they sent the wrong product! i had to return it and order from newegg. in any case, the red version of this player looks simply amazing. great sleek design, beautiful color screen, and the red metallic color tops it off. it\'s a lot lighter than i expected, you have to feel it in your hand for this fact to hit you. the button layout is bot intuitive and comfoprtable.  when i turned this player on my amazement didn\'t cease. the color screen had better resolution than my color cell phone! the touch pad worked a lot better and easier than zen micro\'s touch pad. i proceeded to plug it into my computer to start downloading music into it. i had no problems with syncing with windows media player, only a slight learning curve. i certainly didn\'t experience any freezing or crashing problems that many other people mentioned. it might be that they had defective products or their computers are somehow incompatible, though i can\'t imagine why. after i got some songs into it i listened to the sound quality. amazing sound. there are thirty or so different preset eq modes, including an srs wow that you can customize, and another custom eq. the default eq is nothing compared to srs.  so far no problems. the only thing that annoyed me about this player is that it arranges songs in alphabetical order, even if there are numbers in front of them. let\'s say you copy a cd into your computer and sync it into the h10. when you rip from cds using wmp, then it automatically puts track numbers into the music files. for example: 01 foreward 02 don\'t stay 03 somewhere i belong etc  when you download it into the player, the numbers are gone and you see the songs arranged in alphabetical order, even when you browse song titles in albums. this can be remedied by changing the titles of the songs like this: 01 songtitle to 01 - songtitle  put a space, a dash, and then another space in between the number and title. then, go to properties for that song and do the same thing in "summary" where you input the title, artist, album, etc. doing this with all the songs should put them in the original album\'s order. i just found this extremely annoying to do with hundreds of songs, and iriver should fix this bug.  in any case, i found this player to be out of the ordinary, with great quality sound, beautiful design, and a handful of extra features like text and photo viewing.  and by the way, i know how annoying iriver support is, with unresponsive service and the like. iriver orginates from korea, and the service is a lot better there, along with product quality, and i heard they have no bugs over there. so maybe it\'s just over here in the us that the problems are occuring.  ', "i purchased this product to be able to download music for the gym.  i have tried other products and what a nightmare just getting the music on the thing, much less trying to get it to play.  this product was wonderful, extremely easy to put files on, to locate them to lesson to.  it's very easy to move from fm radio to mp3's to other files.  i honest feel that a child could use this product with no problem.  wonderful product for those people that really don't know much about computers.  i really love the lock figure that will prevent changing things while working out by mistake.  what a great product, i feel i will never need any other devise but this one.  i have recommended it to several people and they love it as well.  ", 'i bought this along time ago and had it a good while, but one day it fell in the toilet yes i know, it was in my pocket and fell out and boom short circut but it was awsome lol.  ', "after all the bad reviews i see for coby products, i thought _maybe_ they should have learned from their mistakes and finally make something that works.  it's not a far fetched hope since this is their 2nd gen of this mp3+speaker system.  but no, the unit froze on me by inserting an sd card.  turning the unit off and on again is of no help.  it has a reset procedure, but only accessable from the menu, which of course is of no use since the unit is frozen.  if they make crappy products, they should at least make the reset a hardware reset..  ", "i received this player as a christmas present from my girlfriend and was immediately impressed by the size and unique design.  despite some of the more negative reviews posted here, i have to say that i think that this is fine player for the size and price.  i had no need for an ipod-like device since i really only use an mp3 player at the gym.    yes, the software that it comes with is a bit bloated and clunky, however there is a simpler program that can be downloaded directly from sony's website that does not require the use of sonicstage at all.  the program allows you to simply drag-and-drop your music files right into a window that in turn quickly converts them for use on this player.  i still, however, use sonicstage just because it lets me customize the organization of files on the player itself a little better.  yes, it's not the greatest software but i personally don't think that it's worth rating this player lowly over.  as far as sound quality goes, the headphones that come with the device leave a bit to be desired but do you really buy an mp3 player because of the headphones it comes with?  i doubt it.  the sound quality on my own set of earphones is spectacular (even when i choose to convert my files to 103kbps atrac3 format to squeeze a little extra time out of the 512mb of storage).    the shape and size is perfectly ergonomic and fits in my hand quite comfortably.  the layout of the jog switch and the design of the hold/unlock switch (which also serves as a cover to an internal, spring-loaded usb dongle) makes it easy to adjust volume and track position while running.  i don't use itunes so it's not an issue for me.  personally, i am not a fan of the ipod or itunes or anything produced by apple.  not because i'm a pc vs. mac guy, but that i'm very disgusted with apple's marketing tactics and lack of customer appreciation (namely their having the gall to continue selling an overpriced mp3 player with known defects [i.e. the power interruption/sync interruption fatal flaw]), but i digress.  the main drawbacks i find with this unit (and that prevent me from giving it 5 stars) are the following:  1. no belt-clip style carrying cases currently available.  the only carrying case for this device is an armband case sold directly through sonystyle.com exclusively.  i personally am not a fan of armband cases.  i have chosen to use a generic micro-pager ripoffs case to clip on my shorts while at the gym.    2. sonicstage software is clunky but once you get the hang of it it's certainly not worth glossing over this sweet player.  actually, that's all i can think of for now.  hope this helps.  ", "do not buy creative lab products.  after contacting customer service multiple times about a warranty item, i talked to one of their techs,   who said that they estimate 10% product failure on their products.  my options were to pay to have it fixed, with another 10% chance that the repair could fail, or get the broken part back.  they do not stand up behind their products.  don't throw your money away.  ", "regretfully, i bought an h10 20gb some time ago.  within the first couple months it died so i call iriver and made arrangements to send it back.  it took several weeks to get it back.  the one that came back was dead out of the box.  i spent about 3 days trying to reach iriver to send this one back.  the guy i spoke to told me that this item was seeing a lot of defects and returns.  that was about 1 month ago.  they said they sent a replacement - it never got here?  now i cannot get any response from iriver.  i like to go to stores to see products then go to amzn for the prices - iriver's stuff is not anywhere to be found in any of the major chain stores...  these guys are going out of the game....   ", 'hope this nano ipod would still be on sale...  i don-t like the new one.. too small...  ', 'i really enjoy this product.  much cheaper than ipod, very happy.  great size, i like that you can use windows explorer to copy albums to the device.  ', "i've been using this almost daily for over 3 months now.  one of the first days i used i had it i dropped it on a hard floor and the screen went blank.  i couldn't get it back on and nearly panicked.  i took the battery out and put it back in and it came back to life!!  this has happened about 6 times since- this thing is tough!  i've dropped it several times and it just kept on playing.  it's been left in heat and cold, it's even gotten a little wet.  only thing i haven't done yet is crush it with a barbell!!  i've only used 2 batteries, which is amazing.  it took a little time to get used to the menu, but most of the time i put it on shuffle or play a whole album and it's no problem at all.  i replaced the stock earplugs immediately with soft koss earbuds- the sound is great.    as far as another reviewer complaining about the flimsy belt clip: he was right.  i left it in my car overnight in the cold, the player was fine, but when i went to put it on my waistband the plastic was brittle and snapped.  i tried gluing it with gorilla glue, snapped again.  so that night i emailed customer service.  they emailed back the next day and i was able to order replacements.  it wasn't a big deal!  it's part number 271389, costs $2.99 from rca consumer parts and accessory order center 1-800-338-0376.  i went ahead and ordered 2 so i'll have a spare.  i own a sandisk sansa too, i love it dearly but i paid too much to risk killing it at the gym.  i only paid $49 for this one, 1 gb is enough space i'm not bored with my collection yet- and i feel like i've got my money's worth out of it already!  i highly recommend this player not just for sports, but also for kids that might abuse it!  good luck!  ", "i've had this player for about 4 years now, the only mp3 player i've ever owned, and it has always been reliable and functioned great. sturdy build quality on this one too and navigating to different mp3 tracks is pretty easy thanks to the small back-lit lcd display. my only gripe is you need to install the included firmware update disc to make it truly 128mb, otherwise only 119mbs are available, i didn't bother to do this though and have since lost the firmware disc. this thing still works great though, 119mbs is enough to hold at least 2 hours of good quality music, and it comes with a usb extension cord to make connecting to your pc and transferring mp3 tracks a breeze. excellent player if your on a budget, can get it cheap, and don't need anything fancy.  ", 'i\'ve owned this product for about 18 months now, and i think it has been the most satisfactory hi-tech product i\'ve ever bought.  pros: * so light that if it falls out of a pocket, it bounces and dangles at the end of the headphones. and light enough that it isn\'t even noticable at the gym. * squareish and fairly stiff, so if it is in my pants pocket when i bend over (and tie my shoes at the gym, for example) it doesn\'t flex and bend and break like some longer, thinner and more elegant designs would. * uses a replaceable battery, so all i have to worry about is making sure i have a spare aaa battery around when it is getting low. * has enough of a display to tell me what i\'m listening to and how long it\'s been playing -- but no wasted money or space on a fancy display. * tough enough that if my earbud cables violently snag on something, the cheap earbuds get destroyed, not the expensive mp3 player.  cons * the only major one: when i\'m listening to an audio book (probably one-quarter of my listening time), there is no way of bookmarking my spot. so if i want to take a break (or if the battery dies), i have to remember how far i\'d gotten and fast-forward, which is an awkward and excruciatingly slow process (relatively). * display only shows id3 "track title", so no artist, album, etc.; some useful display options are missing, such as toggling to show "time remaining".  the last con is that at 1gb this is now a fairly obsolete product. if i had to replace it, i\'d look for a unit that had better audiobook support (e.g., bookmarking) and more storage -- at least 3gb and ideally 6gb.  but i\'m satisfied enough that i\'m not gonna upgrade until this unit dies. and i hope creative labs has something in the same form factor and hardware, since all my wishes could be met with some smarter firmware.  ', "this is one of the worst purchases i've ever made.   while the mp3 player itself is not bad, the software it forces you to use to transfer songs, is aboslutely awful. it will only organize songs by their id3 tags and sortof artist, album, etc. but the software will not allow you to create any kind of subdirecty what-so-ever and this drove me insane. if only have 10 albums, fine, if you only have albums made by one artist, fine. but if you have a soundtrack or a compilation album with multiple artists, the whole thing gets split up in alphabetical order according to artist. and if you want to sort by album, every album you have is listed on the main screen. personally, this way forced me to scroll down for literally minutes to get to an album a ways down the alphabet.  all i wanted to do was organize music so i didn't have to scroll through so much to get to something i actually wanted, but it was literally impossible. and there is no way around this software(sonicstage), i checked with sony support (i called repeatedly) and everyone i talked to said it is impossible, and judging from how many updates have come along for sonicstage, without this support, i don't see it happening in the future either.  stay away from this mp3 player, i highly suggest an ipod or an iriver brand player.  ", 'my wife has the predacessor (s1010) to this player.  rca has made significant improvements with this one.  this player is very robust.  the battery compartment is fully protected with the included belt clip.  the edges are made of rubber for superior impact absorption.  my player has been dropped many times and does not have a mark on it.  it has gotten confused from the impact, but a simple power off and then power on corrected the problem.  my wifes predacessor (s1010) is less than a year old and is held together with tape and rubber bands.  this is not something that i anticipate needing to do with the rd2217.  the musicmatch interface software is much more user friendly than that of the s1010.  when you sync an playlist, the playlist actually shows up on the player.  i purchased three of these..one for myself, and two for my daughters (age 6 and 5).  i had to buy some different headphones because the earclips are too large for kids (but are great for adults during exercise).  i have been pleasantly supprised that they have not had much trouble operating the player.  however, i wish that the radio recording function could be disabled.  i gave this four stars because it is a bit heavy.  although the 50 hours playtime from a aa battery is probably worth it.  i hated the joystick control at first.  now that i have used the player for a month, i am finaly used to it and now see its advantage.  it is easy to locate the joystick control without looking at the player which allows you to adjust volume or skip songs on the go.  for a splashproof, sport player that is truley robust, you cannot beat this player for under $50.  ', "can't help feeling that another reviewer's comments about creative's business plan might be accurate. looks nice, performs well but the headphone adaptor seems almost designed to break. i suspect the 30 day warranty is because creative knows this.  i'm certainly not an apple freak and would rather buy something else, but feel most reluctant to buy anything from creative ever again. oh - maybe that wasn't such a cool business plan on their part after all ...  ", "i love this thing! it does everything it claims to do, except for the limited viewing angles it perfect. i have a canon digital rebel all i have to is pop in the cf card and dump all my pics and keep shooting. this process doesn't even take 5mins, and that's a 512mb card.    the video is amazing, it's flawless, i haven't noticed any jerkiness in the playback. the software is pretty slow but i use another freeware program to convert video.   excellent sound quality, it has a customizable eq and bass boost, what else do you expect from a company that makes high end sound cards? the navigation is soooooo easy and fun to use. battery life is great as well. this has to be the best thing creative has ever produced.   ", 'this is a great product with a lot of great features and is way better than any i pod at least me and all my friends think so!!!  ', 'i purchased this for my son for christmas.  he researchs everything he buys and this is what he wanted.  he is very happy with the mp3 and i am glad i did my homework.  received in short period of time-good job.  ', 'im not gonna sit here and write a review thats very detailed, some people already done that so what im going to say is simple and easy. this mp3 player simply rules, the head phones is so so. the sonic stage  software that comes with the mp3 player is so easy to work, u spend 3 minutes reading the card to show u how to attach the mp3 player and how to copy music from your pc etc. its so easy for me i bought this cd pretty much to rip my current cds onto the player... it works great all u gotta do is insert the cd  and it reads it stores and all very fast.  if u rip a cd u burned u click a separate button click  import songs and thats it u are done, label the folder and its finish. dont see why so many people are crying cause they cant figure this out. i did tons of research on the net before i got this mp3 player and it simply rocks. only thing that sucks is it does not come with a neck strap but i had a old digital camera that had a neck strap that i fit onto the mp3 player so problem solved. 5 stars for this player  ', 'i bought this radio and returned i tthe very next day, why? because they force you to buy all the music from their connect.com website. i had 50 songs on my windows media player and some songs i bought off walmart.com for .88  none were compatible with the mp3. they were in either wma or wav format which it "says" it can convert but it never did, it always stayed on 0% when converting, i ended up calling their customer support the next morning and they told me no song that was copywrite protected could be downloaded (even if i paid for it legally on walmart.com) i would have to re-buy all my songs through their site for them to be compatible. i returned it and bought a rca that is compatible with my windows media player.  ', "scroll wheel very laggy.  almost crashed as i was waiting for navigation menu to scroll down.  great for listening to while driving!  comes with amazing earbud headphones!  didn't notice the sirens and lights in my rear view mirror for at least 5 miles!  ", "the thing began to malfunction 2 months after i bought it. when i called to complain, they would give me instructions that never worked... well i just switched to different problems every time.   it freezes all the time and i have to reset it, the screen goes black randomly, it's slow to respond, the battery doesn't last long anymore. oh, and the rubber things always come off the earphones so i had to buy new ones by sony.  i've had it for 1 year and a half and it won't sync with my computer on any program anymore. i tried repairing it with the device manager it comes with, but it never works. there's a wall between the player and my computer.  i'm buying an ipod as soon as i can afford it. you should too!  ", "i actually have never owned an mp3 player until now, so i don't have much to compare the creative with. but i can tell you it's great to have a small tool that can do so many things. the radio reception is fuzzy at times and the battery life is pretty bad with the wrong batteries, but overall it has a great set up with helpful file folders to organize, great recording capabilities, plug and play option if you don't want to install the cd on every computer you use it on, and so many ways to connect it to your computer and other hardware.  if you're not looking to break the bank purchasing a quality mp3 player then forget about ipod and go with creative. (btw: my player was red not black, but i'm sure the black one's just as high quality)  ", 'find something else -- software is not intuitive and requires a lot of manipulation to organize music.  hardware is just as bad -- mine lasted three months before a complete crash.  ', "i had an ipod mini.  it died with no hard use in 11 months.  i bought this samsung player at best buy for [...].  the player's navigation keys weren't quite as good as the ipod clickwheel.  the memory is tiny for a player that can do so much.  i like the addition of fm radio and games.  here's the problem.  when only  28 days old, the screen died.  i used it about as much as my ipod mini, which is not very much.  the earbuds are mediocre, the navigation buttons pale in comparision, and it's reliability is awful.  i was also annoyed because the price on the 1 gig nano went down $50.  i got a full refund and went to walmart.  for only $85, i bought a sandisk sansa m240 with 1 gig.  that's right, i gave up the color screen and games, but got twice the memory and saved $65.  i have had my sandisk for over 3 months.  i use it everyday at school in homeroom and run with it on our treadmill for 30 minutes everyday.  this player was used more in a week than the others were ever used in half a month.  i was going to say a month, but the samsung yp-t8 didn't even last that long.  don't buy the samsung yp-t8.  it pales in comparison to the ipod, the iriver clix, the creative zen v plus, and even the cheaper sandisk sansa m200 series.  actually, this pales in comparison to just about any mp3 player on the market.  ", "i've been an ipod user since i bought a 5gb way back in '02, and they just keep getting better!  i have owned a 60gb white 5th gen ipod for several months now, and i'm very very pleased with it.  i use it for upwards of three hours a day, since i not only have all my music on it, but lots of tv shows, podcasts and audibooks.  i also recently bought the av connection kit, and use that to watch my tv shows from the ipod on my tv  things i like about it: * easy to use and look good * excellent sound quality if you encode your music at a high bitrate and use a decent set of headphones * plays tv programs on my tv with surprisingly good quality * itunes is awesome - probably my prime reason for sticking with the ipod * podcast support is wonderful - i look forward to new episodes every time i use the ipod (i'm a scott sigler junkie too)  things i don't like so much: * poor battery life if using the backlight * 60gb ain't enough for me now, but that's not the ipods fault..  ", 'i orginally wanted a voice recorder to record my d&d group\'s 10 hr + long sessions, which demanded a larger size availabilty, with at least reasonable sound quality.  i\'ve taken this with me to a trip to visit my brother, and went with his band unit to some schools for an "intro to the instraments" type performance.  i recorded the 3 performances i attended, and wow! resonable size files and excellent recording quality at just the medium setting.  his band now wants a copy.  my only real con for the entire product is that i wish i could use removeable media such as an sd card, but 1gb makes up for that (kinda), a rechargeable lithium battery would be nice too.  the manufacurer (iriver) has on their website the user manuals for all their products, and support, including the ones not found at their online store, but great for researching to find the product to best fit your needs  ', 'quit working after only 4 months!  while it comes with a 1-year warranty, you have to pay $30 shipping to get a replacement.  four months is a pathetically short lifespan!  ', "don't buy any archos product is no technical suport and you needs lat chris  ", "i got the 704 in august and while i really only wanted it to view my photos i found that it was a locked system, even though it runs on linux. you can't add any programs or other software to it. it is suppose to have adobe acorbat on it but i can't get it to open. i have not been able to download a complete movie yet, it always cuts out after an hour to an hour and a half.   the biggest thing is when i contacted archos customer support they told me that they would be no longer suppporting this model as it was hardware dependent and they would not be updating the firmware. the representative offered me a 15% discount totrade for a new 705.  the inital impression of the unit is great, but after awhile you will see that this is just a poor imitation of the real thing.   don't buy the 704, wait for the 705 or wait for the 706!   ", "i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas. so, i've had it for a month, and the headphone jack went out. i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty. it'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it. nothing but hassle with this company. what kind of product goes out within a month?  ", "the unit is fairly compact, but certainly not pocketable. the screen is reasonably nice and so is the audio along with the 20 gb hd capacity. the problems lie mainly in totally inadequate and clunky software, which has to be updated on-line right after purchase. it is very counterintuitive and extremely deficient. one cannot even perform the simple operation of zooming in and out on photos. they can only be displayed in one, fixed size.<p>alhough it seems logical to be able to load dvd movies into the unit, that has proven to be impossible. it might be done with an mpeg4 encoder (which rca did not see fit to include), but straight out of the box - forget it. since the video playback feature is by far the main atraction of this gizmo, a serious oversight like this renders it practically useless.<p>it might record off a tv set, but frankly that seems like too much of a hassle to me. i would much prefer to do it through my computer's usb 2 port. in short, the lyra is going back to the store. hopefully units such as this, will soon be available in an improved version and for less than $400.  ", 'i am writing this review as i listen to u2 - hasta la vista baby album on my iriver h320...the sound is amazing.  i have owned an edigital treo 15, then upgraded to a creative labs zen jukebox 20 w/fm tuner.  when i decided to upgrade, i took over 4 months researching for my next generation 1gb+ mp3 player purchase.  what i was looking for was something that had storage space, on-board fm tuner, recording capabilities and most importantly great sound.  i considered rio karma, creative muvo2 w/hack 2gb cf card, ipod mini, ipod, ipod photo and a slew of other mp3 players available outside of the usa.  i know some of my considerations didn\'t have all of the above, but i would have sacrificed space for sound, functionality for looks...etc.  but just in the last few weeks, i came across this website www.misticriver.net .  it is _the_ user forum for iriver products. i considered their mp3 flash devices, but not their hard drive based device, until i read their thread on how the h320/h340 can play video if you flash the bios with the european or the korean or the japanese bios upgrade.  my jaw dropped!  and it is still dropped...and i\'m still drooling.  you have to understand....i\'m a closet geek.  i like my electronic toys, i do my research and i recommend the heck out of products that impress me.  i am going to do this now.  first things first...go to the webpage above and read it for yourself.  the h320/h340 plays converted video files.  that\'s right!!! convert your dvd\'s to avi files; transfer then to your h320/340 and boom....play your videos on your mp3 player.  the website tells you exactly how to do it.  i addition to dvd\'s, i\'ve converted several hour episodes of stargate shows and have watched them on my h320.  i\'ve got a whole slew of them queued up for my 4 hour flight to la.  so with that amazing ability out of the way, i\'ll briefly review the h320/h340 for you.  out of the neat package comes a shiny black brick with a big 2" color screen.  it comes with earbud headphones, protective ballistic nylon case, ac power supply, usb2.0 cable, audio cord (line-out) and cd-rom and nice instruction book.  it does not come with a docking station, lcd remote or the external battery pack...all of which you can buy from the iriver store.  charged the unit for 2.5 hours and plugged the usb2.0 cord into the slot labelled `data\', it connected at usb2.0 speeds (the one labeled media is usb1.1 and is intended for connectivity with windows media player).  i first upgraded the bios to something that is non-us.  after  reboot, the new bios took immediately.  i lost the functionality of a clock on the h320, but that\'s ok...i have a watch.  i lost the ability to manage my music with windows media player....that is ok..i prefer to arrange my own music with other programs.  but i did gain the ability to play videos and the usb1.1 port turned into a usb on the go, which you can connect to other usb ported devices (like digital cameras) and transfer files from those devices-i haven\'t used usb2go yet, but it does look promising.  i quickly scanned over the owner\'s manual, turned on the h320.  i connected as anoher hard drive device without having to install any additional drivers. i proceeded to load mj\'s number ones as my test music, since he has a variety of sounds to test the h320.  speed was fast.  unplugged the h320 from my computer and plugged in my sony mdr-ex51lp (sound isolation ear buds for $40).  hit the on button...then hit nav to navigate to the mp3\'s i downloaded...and was amazed at what the stock sound from the h320 sounded like.  wow.  so i tweaked the sound a bit..increased the base..it has srs(wow) settings, so you can tweak the low-mid-high ends of the music as well as increase the thump.  very cool.  even at the default level 20 (30 is the highest), it was pretty loud.  very very impressed.  so then i loaded a `converted\' episode of stargate atlantis and started to watch it; very very smooth video display as well as great sound.  anything can be converted to avi for this player as long as you have codecs for conversion.  and then i loaded some of my pictures onto my h320, they weren\'t formatted for the h320 display so they weren\'t awesome, but good enough to show off!  but when i reformatted my pictures for the h320 the pictures turned out awesome on the 2" display.  again the visual display is beautiful.  id3 tags (or not) show up nicely as well as volume strength display for both ears (a mini spectrum analyzer?)  so navigating the device set-up menu, you can set the fm-tuner regions, lcd contrast,  lcd brightness, lcd power off, ways of id3 tag scrolling, sleep-stop-standby power down times, types of shuffle, repeats, random, set the study mode that allows you to fast forward through songs and videos and much much more!  the battery time has been tested..if you play mp3\'s only with srs off and very minimal lcd use, you can go to 15 hours.  the average seems to be 9 hours, i\'ve had mine on all night plugged into my home receiver through the line out port and playing.  the rechargeable lithium-ion battery is replacable, take out a few screws and you are set.  there is a hold button.  also it charges off of usb cable to your pc/laptop.  there is a small learning curve to the buttons, and i must say its not as smooth as the touch pad of the ipods, but i prefer to have some tactile feedback when i hit the buttons.  so, now i don\'t have to buy a media player for the plane, nor do i have to drag out my laptop to play dvd\'s..just convert them at home (which takes a bit of time..but lots of support online on how to do it right) and load them on my player before a plane ride.  the h320 is bigger than the regular ipod but smaller than the ipod picture.  it fits nicely in the palm of my hand, doesn\'t feel flimsy at all.  i haven\'t tried to record voice yet, but people say its pretty crisp and the default mic pics up everything.  in addition, you can record from fm tuner as well as record from line in (mic or other audio devices).  the fm tuner (with autoscan and store of stations) picked up 20 fm channels, my stock car stereo only picked up 14 channels.  it can also read text files.  i\'m not sure where iriver is going with that...could be interesting.  so, the negatives (more like annoying to me) things about the h320/340.  1) i must be a greasy guy, because i\'m cleaning the finger prints from it a bit 2) coverting the videos to avi can get time consuming at first, but once you get it right, its set-it-and-forget-it 3) i bought a 20gb one 4) the us version doesn\'t play videos unless you flash the bios to another region bios-korea is the best here 5) it didn\'t come with a power/usb docking station, but you can get one for $30 6) the case/holder only protects.  that\'s about it...just annoying things to me that can be quickly resolved with $$ or reading around on the internet.  if you are already reading this far, you are doing your research and doing a little bit more reading at http://www.misticriver.net will give you all the information you would ever need to make an informed decision.  i don\'t hate ipod at all, i\'m a bit jealous for the styling, but now after xmas 2004, everyone will have one; but not everyone will have a iriver h320/340 that plays videos!!!!!!!  i would recommend you go to your local best buy and get a feel for it.  the sales people at bestbuy will tell you to by ipod.  they won\'t tell you anything about the iriver and how you can flash the bios and play videos on it, and all of this for $300 for h320 and about $400 for the h340.  i\'m sorry this has been a long post, but i just can\'t stop talking about this thing.  ', "bought for great price and radio worked well.  then product quit turning on.  even if it isn't broken, you must install large software package to your computer.  took forever to import my songs onto special software and convert to atrac.  software is unstable with enhanced cds.  ", 'well, this was the second mp3 player i bought. the first was a sony  nw-e75 that i bought and it worked great. only reason i decided to buy a new one was because that one only had 256mb of memory and now i was looking for a 1gb player. so i went to circuit city and was looking at the 1gb players. i decided to go with the samsung yp-t7z over the sony nw-e507 because the samsung looked smaller and more compact. so i bought it, took it home, and wanted to try it out. the first thing that got me was that when i opened it, it said i had to charge it for 2 hours, which seemed odd to me. well i did, and then, i decided to test it out. i plugged in the headphones, and pressed play to hear the 2 default songs already in there. i will say that the sound quality was wonderful and i was impresed. however, when i switched it to the next song, it stopped in the middle of the 2nd song. i thought it was because i acidently pressed play or accidently hit a button, but it had gotten stuck for some reason. i couldnt turn it off or anything. i tried pressing stop several times, nothing. menu, nothing, tried the reset button, nothing. it was just stuck there, the screen still lit up. so needless to say, i was dissapointed, because it would have been the perfect thing to work out with. i took it back to circuit city and just stuck with sony since i already know it. i know its odd to base ones opinion on one defective device, but the sony products i have so far have not caused me any problems.   ', "i have had a very good experience with the playback on this player.  the sound quality goes down when you use headphones that adjust volume on the cable, so i would recommend using headphones that don't. only issue i have is that the 700 uses a different size power cable than every other model and i could not find a replacement on the archos website (which isn't the easiest to navigate) and calling on the phone wasn't very effective either... i guess the company is geared to the advanced users, but geeks lose power cables too right?    ", 'i bought this walkman, watched the tutorial on the softwear before i even opend the product and have had no promlems whatso ever, except i bought it to use at the gym and apparently sony thinks everyone is right handed, so the left ear bud has no cord at all! but i got diffrent ear phones and i love it, the sound qaulity is great, and while the software takes alittle while to load everything, it isnt all that bad. but can someone please tell me how to set my favorite stations to the preset on the radio? this is a great little product and alot cheaper then the i pod and i like it alot better, the ipoddosnt even have the radio!  ', '[note: amazon seems to charge more than the list price for some colors.  if you order from creative or buy at a cambridge soundworks store, you may be able to get a better price.]  i would have given creative zen nano plus (abbreviated "cznp") 5 stars, except for two small deficiences: it does not have gapless playback (see #10 below), and the build quality and controls are kind of cheap (see #4 below).  assuming it lasts, it seems a very good unit for the money.  here\'s why i bought mine, and some questions to ask yourself when you\'re choosing.  [updated 8/28/2006]  0. do i want to make a fashion statement with my mp3 player?  some people will only buy a trendy ipod.  buying a lesser-known unit like cznp makes a different statement, and you can choose from 10 colors.  i prefer function over form, but cznp offers some of each.  i bought an orange one because it is easy to find in my black bag.  1. do i want to play more than just sound?  the cznp is a basic mp3 player, fm radio, and recorder.  it has a simple monochrome display and controls that make it a good choice for playing music, podcasts, and ebooks, and listening to local radio stations.  it can record from the built-in mike or radio, or from a line input, which may be handy for some.  some players can play videos, show pictures, etc, and cost a lot more because of the required color screen and larger memory.  i don\'t need these things and prefer not to spend the money needed to get them.  of course this player can store any kind of content, just like a thumb drive, but it only plays audio.  2. will i be listening to mostly music or mostly spoken content?  when you switch off a unit while it is playing, or pause it and it turns off automatically after awhile, some units will resume at the beginning of the current track, and others (e.g. cznp) resume exactly where you left off.  if you are playing music, you usually prefer to start the song over again.  for ebooks or long podcasts, i need to resume where it was turned off (like cznp does), because it is hard to fast-advance back to where you were.  3. what kind of accessories can i get?  creative has a set of speakers tailored to the cznp, and there are many generic accessories that will work with it.  by comparison, there are entire catalogs of accessories tailored for optimal use with an ipod (and may not work with others).  i have what i need, but pine for some things available for ipod only.  the best accessory of all is a cable that has a 1/8" stereo plug (like the headphone plug) on one end, and two rca plugs on the other.  plug one of these into the auxiliary or cd input of all the stereos you use, and you can quicly plug this in and play on the speakers.  such cables are available at radio shack and most places selling electronics products.  4. how convenient is it to use?  mp3 players vary considerably on how easy they are to use.  the ipod is famous for ease of use, though it does not do everything i want to do.  the cznp has relatively cheap controls that work well enough, and does what i want.  you don\'t have to be a computer whiz to use it or its software.  i have been using it while driving with reasonably good results.  it is easy to pause and start it, turn it off, adjust volume, skip or repeat tracks, back up or move forward in the current track, and small enough to hold in your hand and still be able to hold onto the steering wheel.    but if you want to skip to a different album, you have to skip, wait, listen, and skip until you find the first track of the desired album.  of course there is a menu way of getting there more easily, but you can\'t use menus while driving.  it is small and light. about like a bic cigarette lighter except twice as wide.  so far i have found the size very convenient; i don\'t think i would want it any smaller.  but being small, it might be easier to lose - which is why i bought an orange one.  5. how long will it last?  on amazon, click the link "see all ... customer reviews", then look for the dropdown "show:" and choose "lowest review first" and click the go button.  there are a number of reports from people who had problems with their cznp, some bad enough to throw it away.  some are real problems, others might be a lack of understanding how to use the player.    despite these complaints, the average review is high.  you\'ll find about the same mix of reviews for most players.  i decided to take a chance.  my unit will be well-cared for.  if i have a problem, i\'ll update this review.  6. can the battery be replaced?  cznp uses an aaa battery which is said to last for 15 hours and can be changed easily.  the ipod nano has a rechargeable battery that is not designed to be replaced, which means the ipod nano becomes landfill when the battery no longer takes a charge in a couple of years. there will be millions of ipods being thrown away simply because the owner cannot make them continue to work, which has an impact on the environment.  there are now battery replacement kits for ipod, with tools and instructions, so this concern is lessened for diy people, but most won\'t bother.  7. how does it sound?  the cznp sounds very good to when when i use good earphones like koss "the plug", or when plugged into a stereo.    the free headphones you get with it won\'t give you the best sound, and you should not judge any player on how it sounds with the included headphones.  go buy quality earphones for any new player, as this will make a huge improvement in your enjoyment at relatively low cost.  8. does the player use flash memory or hard-disk for storage?  cznp uses flash memory.  flash memory is more expensive per mb/gb than hard disk memory, and flash memory players are smaller than hard disk players.  i would not want a hard disk, which i think is too heavy and too fragile for a portable player.  get a hard disk player if you want to carry a lot of content, but make sure you have a backup.  get a flash memory player if you want to hold the content you will listen to today or this week.  9. does the player have enough memory?  i use highest quality vbr, which gives me mp3s usually 200-250 kbps, and i get about 10 hours of mp3 music.  for podcasts or other material recorded at lower quality, you\'ll get a lot more.  with that much space i can have some new or favorite albums left on the player, and have plenty of room for content that changes (like podcasts).  if you don\'t use a computer regularly, you might want more memory, maybe even a hard disk, but 1gb is very convenient for my purposes.  10. does the player support gapless playback between tracks?  some albums have music that flows continously from one track to the next.  examples: radiohead "ok computer", dandy warhols, moody blues.  the listening experience is disrupted if the tracks have a gap as the player switches from one track to another.  i don\'t know of any portable mp3 player that offers gapless playback (without rockbox), though it\'s bound to come.  the cznp has a brief gap with no clicks, but it is still somewhat disruptive.  one solution is to rip the album as one continuous track.  the rockbox open-source technology essentially replaces the firmware on your player, and it features gapless playback.  it is supported on a few players, including some ipods, but not cznp.  11. does the player require proprietary software or hardware?  cznp includes software, but since it also works like a usb drive, you can manage content with explorer / finder if you want to.  all connectors are industry-standard and you can find matching cables in electronics and computer stores.  ipod can only load music using itunes, and other players require software supplied with the unit, or with windows.  the ipod and others also use proprietary connectors, so replacing a lost cable is more expensive.  i would not be happy with such restrictions. open standards promote flexibility and interoperability.  on the other hand the ipod is widely supported and it\'s easy to find compatible accessories.  for me, at a minimum, the player needs to look like a usb drive when i connect it to the computer, so that i can load it by dragging files to the player\'s file system, and the cznp does that.  i want to have a program automatically create a custom listening program of various short podcasts that play in a particular order to support radio on demand, and i want that to happen by simply connecting the device to the computer, with no keyboard or mouse interaction involved.  i have not found such a program, and may have to write it, but i can do that if i want to.  with an ipod i have no choice but to use itunes (or replace the firmware with rockbox).  itunes will not do what i want it to do, and there is no option to use my own or third-party software.  12. is the player file-based or tag-based?  the cznp is file-based: it will play songs in alphabetical order for a given folder.  naming songs with a two-digit sequence number at the beginning of the filename ensures they play in the correct order.  it also has shuffle play, etc.  i had tried the sandisk sansa, but returned it because all content is organized and played on the basis of tags, exclusively.  while my music has tags correctly set to play the way i wanted, podcasts don\'t use tags consistently enough to play them in a particular order that i chose.  with the cznp you can at least control the order by putting a sequence number at the beginning of each filename.  tag-based may have some advantages over file-based (though not for my uses), but only if all of the content you want to play is properly tagged.  ', "bought another coby mp3 for my older son, however wanted a 1 mg since he was younger. this was a poor quality mp3. the lighting/graphics/words are poor. i tried for hours on christmas to download 4 songs, all the same format. two downloaded, the other 2 kept giving me an error message. the quality of the player itself seemed plastic-like. i thought i couldn't go wrong buying a coby, but i guess i should have read more reviews. you get what you pay for.....  ", 'i got this product about 2 weeks ago.  in spite of hours spent on researching tips from the misticriver forum and trying all sorts of different ways, the product has not worked correctly.  the playlists do not work, the lists by artists and album is corrupted.  the tech support, which is open only during business hours, has at least 45 minute wait.  they clearly do not have answers to the problems with playlists, etc.  my inquiries via email have been unanswered.  it is clear that the product was prematurely launched to coincide with the napster to go campaign.  it is a nice paperweight, if you can afford to spend over $250 for a paperweight!  ', "this thing got sooooo annoying. it took literally hours to figure out the stupid thing even with reading and rereading the instructions included with each one. it doesn't help if you have done it before or not. i got mine months ago and wanted to update to newer songs and everytime i tried i just get frustrated and want to throw it out the window. it will not download different songs or let me even get to the step that you can actually manage what songs are on it and which ones aren't. the library is hard to figure out and it doesn't work at all with window media player, making it very difficult to get the songs i want on the device. i am usally farely patient and i just cannot stand this thing!!!the alarm clock freezes up a lot and i have almost been late for school. how it functions really has no rhyme or reason. one day it works and the next, it just doesn't. it doesn't hold enough songs, the radio doesn't come in clear, you can't just slip it into your pocket, the alarm doesn't always work, it takes for ever to get to your music once you actually get the thing turned on, you can't rewind or fastforward songs, and i've spent hours upon hours trying to get the songs i want on it. i think tha ti'm just going to get a small cheaper mp3 player with more space for songs and one that works better with windows software. anymore it just sits on my dresser and does nothing because it's all old songs and the alarm isn't reliable.~~~it is not worth it!   ", 'i purchased this to use with napster and was told by the sales man that there would be now problem with it. purchased a couple of songs from napster and guess what they do not work. my husband who is senior network analyst spent many hours to get the songs to work and could not get them to work. i am now going to buy the rio online at target because it says it is compatible with napster. wish me luck!  ', "picked this up at the local best buy, and of like most of you i was skeptical about the new unit, however i really was impressed with how it operated.. especially processor wise, very quick interface. i've had it for three weeks now and it hasn't given me one issue yet. always boots up and plays..  and by the way, this was a replacement for my samsung yh-820 that died within 6 months, that was the worst unit ever for many other reasons. i never purchase warranty plans, but you require it on these things..  ", "the gmini402 rocks for these reasons:  1. - it can be recognized by any computer as a hard drive. you can store anything on it.  2. - it reads wma files, which is what i tend to use for my music.  3. - you can watch divx and xvid encoded avi files. no mpegs, but it's pretty easy to convert them with virtualdub, which it comes with.  4. - it comes with an extra cord so you can plug a flash drive directly into it. i've also been able to connect my external maxtor 120 gb hard drive directly to it. you can listen/watch files and copy them to the gmini without going through a computer. genius!  i've used it everyday for the past 2 and 1/2 months and love it. ipods have their use, but are over-rated in my opinion.   ", 'i have had this product for about 8 months now.  i have noticed a few bugs like once in awhile it turns on by itself but besides this the sound is amazing and the video quality is awesome. i am very happy with this product because it is a great video mp3 player for an even better price. enjoy!!  ', 'beware of this player!  i loved this thing until it broke (wouldn\'t power on).  i loved the size, the fact that it had a full-on usb connection, the pm tuner.  so, i returned it and bought another... mistake!  my second one lasted 2 days.  i didn\'t abuse it or anything, so i can\'t help but think it must be an issue with the sansa express product line (or perhaps a bad batch?)  someone else mentioned that you can "overchage the unit" on their review.  this sounds bizarre.  i can\'t imagine that this can be true, but either way, this unit is not the one for me.  i\'m returning the second and going with something else...  ', 'lightweight.  easy to use.  and truly a piece of garbage.  i used it only three times (while running) before it went kablooey.  waste of money (which i am now trying to get back).  spend the cash.  get a decent one.  not this one.  ', "i returned this item right after i bought it.  i own two ipods already and wanted to buy another mp3 player for the kids.  i figured i'd try another product and the price was right, but you get what you pay for.  i followed the instructions, connected the player, the device was recognized by my computer only intermittently.  the device also froze up and had to be reset.  the software would freeze up when running and crash as well.  i went to creative's website, tried their troubleshooting help to no avail.  after a couple of frustrating hours, i've given up.  too much effort.  i'm buying the new nano....  ", 'deceptive  i bought this mp3 player because the creative web site promised "easy transfer -- simple drag and drop your data files between zen v and your computer.  no complicated or messy driver installations necessary."  however this does not seem to be the case.  i love creative\'s mp3 muvo player.  no software needed to load that player up with mp3s.  the muvo shows up as a usb mass storage drive, so one just has to drag and drop his mp3s and data to the muvo, using nothing more than windows explorer -- just like any other thumbdrive.  i researched the zen v first on creative\'s site, and the language implies that loading the zen v was as simple as loading the muvo or any thumbdrive.  however, one apparently does need software to load the creative zen v.  moreover, apparently one also needs an internet connection to install the software.  why do i need to go to the internet when all i want to do is load this mp3 player with my music and images?  i tried to install the software, but it wouldn\'t install after i told zone alarm not to allow the  install software to go to the internet.    there is no language on the outside of the box that says you need to install software to use the player, or that you need an internet connection.    i attached the unit to my computer via the usb connection to see if it would show up as a usb mass storage device, and it did not.  the "play for sure" icon on the back was sticker out; apparently creative had second thoughts after they put out the product, and decided not to support that function.  moreover, the player will not work in windows 2000 (though it does say you need windows xp on the box).  i also suspect that the creative software might be phoning home, and telling the mothership what you are listening to. i see no other urgent need to go to the internet, unless i make that decision myself.  in short, the packaging and the product is deceptive. which is really too bad because i love the muvo, and was eyeing the larger zen vision: m model.  now i\'m going to have to reconsider the archos solutions.  ', "we have had our 2 archos 500's for exactly 1 year and they have been heavily used and loved in our house. perfect for traveling, going out to restaurants - we actually get to eat our dinner because of these pocket miracles!   i have been so impressed with how durable the units are. our kids are age 6, 4 and 2 and as you can guess these poor units have been handeled with sticky hands and dropped countless times, and the units kept on ticking. wouldn't you know it that it would be me (the adult) who would drop and break one of the pocket dishes.  since the unit was just shy of a year old it was still under warrenty. i called the customer service number on the archos website and get this - a live person answered the phone after 3 rings! no press 1,2 or 3, just a real nice person who quickly helped me and emailed me my ra number. my unit is being repaired now, but we are still enjoying our other pocket dish when we go out to eat, in the car or plane.   if you have dish network it is so easy to hook up to your dvr and download onto the unit. we do not use the external speaker, but it works great with a headphone splitter so multiple people can watch and hear.   got kids....got a dish network dvr? this is the perfect traveling accessory! amazingly super sturdy and extremely friendly customer service.  bravo archos!    ", "great looking and easy to use, but when the unit came, it wouldn't play any of the songs, wma or mp3. when i pushed the play button, the pause icon wouldn't go away. didn't want to exchange it, returned it fast and easy.  ", "i was pretty excited about this player, having read about it in runners' world. there are a lot of problems with it, however. while it is advertised as a sports mp3 player, in a lot of respects it isn't very convenient for someone who buys it for sports. my issues are: - headphones are not at all appropriate for sports, particularly running.. they keep falling off, so i had to invest in a better pair of headphones. kind of weird since it's supposed to be a sports player. also, i spent at least five minutes everytime untangling them before i could use them. - hard to change music while running, and it often ends up doing something i don't want it to. you can't change the music without removing the mp3 player from the armband, which is a major pain and is just a function of bad design that you can't tell from any picture. - not easy to figure out the features of the player, such as the stopwatch, pedometer. also hard to use once you do figure it out. - software is a pain to use. - organization of songs is annoying and difficult to maneuever on player.  that being said, i still use it. there are some good features: - long battery life, recharges super quick - very cool-looking player - very easy to carry around.. can slip it a pocket or a bag of any size.   i would not recommend this player and if given a choice, i would not buy it again.   ", "i've had my t30 for about 6 months and have used it extensively. i bought it because it has excellent sound quality. i listen to classical and acoustic music from reference quality recordings and always use high bit rate mp3s using good encoders (lame 3.97). the earbuds it comes with are about average (crappy) but i use etymotic er-6 phones which are absolutely fabulous especially for classical music. the t30 has plenty of power to drive the er-6 to levels beyond what my ears can handle.  the iriver t30 sounds better than other mp3 players, both subjectively and objectively. i measured the frequency response, noise and distortion and found it to be excellent. with all eqs disabled, frequency response is within 0.5 db of flat from 20hz to 20 khz and within 0.25 db of flat for most of this range. noise is below -90 db and distortion is -70 db or lower. this is as good as any mp3 player gets.  playing high quality vbr files (lame 3.97, vbr v0), the t30 goes for about 16 hours with a nimh aaa 1000mah rechargeable. firmware upgrades are smooth & easy and it can operate in ums mode which works on all operating systems and enables it to be a usb drive for generic file storage. it also records, which i haven't used much but is a nice plus.  1 gb isn't enough for anyone's entire music collection, but even with high quality mp3s it's more than enough for the 1 week business trips i take. i reload it with new music for each trip. it transfers files at about 3 mb / second so it takes about 5 minutes to transfer the entire 1 gb.  in short - it's compact and durable with the best sound quality you can get in an mp3 player. and it's inexpensive - can be found for well under $100 if you shop around.  ", 'i am what you might call a newbie when it comes to mp3 players. i\'ve been an avid mp3 downloader for years but have always just played them off my pc or burned them to cd for my car. i have recently decided to make my music more mobile and i have to say that i\'m not completely thrilled with this mp3 player.  when it comes to the operation of the player and the sound i\'m more than happy with it. once the songs are on the system it\'s easy to make it do what i want it to do. as for the sound quality it seems to be great just as long as you buy a different set of head phones (at least for me), as the ones that come with the system are ear buds and are horribly uncomfortable and fall out constantly.  the only thing i don\'t like about the mp3 player is a great downfall. as i stated before i\'m a newbie and thought that you could just plug this guy in then \'drag and drop\' the mp3\'s you want onto it (like a thumb drive), oh was i wrong. they include this "sonic stage" software with the player and you must use it to get the mp3\'s onto your player and oh my does it suck. first thing i hate is the fact that it does not display my song library the way it should and instead has it all jumbled into a knotted mess. next is the fact that this thing only seems to agree with my desktop running windows xp and not my laptop which unfortunately running vista ultimate.  in the mean time i will keep this player but when i get the chance i\'m going to get one that doesn\'t have such horrid software.  ', 'i just found a way to get around having to use windows media player. good thing, because i was just about to give the player away. using windows media player, there is no way to organize the music in folders (playlists), so you can just go from folder to folder without thumbing through all the songs in each folder. what i did was upgrade to the latest firmware, and then i double-clicked the player in "my computer" and opened the data file. then i just dragged and dropped the folders into the data file. all of the music shows and plays in the folders i arranged it in. iriver makes good players that can be a pain.   ', "i couldn't be more pleased with this item. i have downloaded several thousand songs from dvd to computer to archos. the process went very smoothly. the instructions in the booklet are a little lacking and it could be improved some but the product itself is excellent'  ", 'i love the ipod mini it holds so much music and is so small. also the 18 hour battery life is great. this is perfect for holding my hip hop music collection. if you dont have alot of music i would also recomend the ipod shuffle. but my ipod mini has been great so far. go ipods!  ', "it's the second one i bought today....the first one froze when i was trying to do my first donwload...went back to circuit city and got another one...the second one was even worse...never turned on! tomorrow i'll go back to get an ipod!  ", 'i recieved this unit yesterday, had it set up and running  the same evening, and for a over 50 guy, i must say i love this thing.........my oldies and classical music never sounded so good!!! i found it very simple to use, and the color screen has a nice bright display for us folk that might need to wear glasses, either case buy it, charge it up before using it, and be prepared to be blown away  by the most beautiful stereo  you have ever heard out of a tiny little unit that can fit in your shirt pocket...by the way you must pick up a set of bose tri port head phones to give the iriver h10  the full potential of this breathtaking stereo device  ', "i love this mp3 player.  it looks great and the sound quality is excellent. i have had no problems using the software that came with the player.  it was easy to install and use, and if i can use it anyone can.  it takes about 5 minutes to import a complete cd onto my computer.  i don't feel that is an unreasonable amount of time. the battery on this thing is amazing.  it is easy to charge and lasts forever. i have never owned another mp3 player, so i can't compare it to any other players out there. the only complaint i have is that the earphones that come with it are very uncomfortable.  i would recommend this player to anyone.  it is awesome!   ", "i bought this at a day after thanksgiving sale for christmas.  the speakers never worked but i bought a cheap pair from walmart and didn't worry about returning them.  the mp3 worked ok for about 2 months then just died.  nothing would work.  i bought it from home depot who would not allow a return because it had been 3 months since the purchase date.  coby would also not honor a warranty.  although it was only 2 months from the date it was opened as a christmas present, it was past the 3 month deadline.  my feeling is that when you pay $80 for an item, it should last more than 2 months.  i will never buy a coby product or from home depot again.  ", 'my sony 1gb mp3 player does a lotts working time on one aaa battery. the music is super quality, though i suggest another headphone set! connected with fm transmitter for car stereo & is great there as well. only drawback it does not play wma digital proteced rights managemet. can be corrected to play with program called tunebite works with wma sound files etc.. also could use a band or something to secure to your body mark  ', "even thought i got this thing free after rebates with the purchase of windows xp, even though the install disk says windows xp, windows xp tells you when you try to install it that it is not certified to run on windows xp.  i figured it must run ok nonetheless, since the install disk says xp and it came free with windows xp, but it doesn't on my machine.<p>in fact, even though the player shows up when you plug it in on the taskbar, the software doesn't recognize it.  windows media player doesn't see it either.  <p>the usb cable is too short if you have a tower machine.  it doesn't even reach to the counter.  ", 'if you buy this player, be prepared for a huge amount of "required" and promotional software to be installed on your system.  in the end, i wound up with a defective player, but my biggest objection to this unit was the sheer volume of useless, redundant, and trial software that got placed on my system during the installation. i bought this to play overdrive audio books provided by my local library. overdrive uses drm that requires windows media player. i\'m no ifanboy, but my everyday audio players for commuting and the gym are those are made by the company that has ~80% of the market - and now i see why. one required program that manages my media, including amazon mp3 purchases, beautifully. it just works.  the unit arrived along with an installation cd. going along with the installation, i wound up with several creative programs (media manager, transfer manager, etc.) and some promotional trial software including audible. i thought the audible trial installation was interesting as i already had an audible account and software installed. in the end, i had 5 or 6 new icons on the desktop and a ton of unwanted and unneeded software. much of it didn\'t work or was unnecessarily complex.   the creative software took control as default media player without asking. it even managed to cause my pc to be deauthorized with the itunes store. the audible trial installation hosed my existing audible software. in the end, the unit itself had defective memory so i just uninstalled the software, cleaned up my system and sent it all back. four hours wasted.  i wound up replacing this unit with the sandisk sansa clip. the capacity is less, but it holds 5 - 6 audiobooks and meets my intended purpose perfectly. there is no software needed other than a simple driver. audio book files are transferred using the overdrive console. other means of transfer include via windows media player or simply by using windows explorer and dragging files into the music folder on the clip. (imagine that!)  sorry creative, but i agree with the sandisk approach. if i buy an audio player, that\'s all i want. i don\'t need you to replace all the media management software on my system with buggy versions of your own. oh, and besides, the sandisk hardware wasn\'t shipped with defective memory.  ', "i bought this today and i'm very pleased.  the size is great (very small), the sound quality is excellent, and the behind-the-ear headphones that it came packaged with are also very nice.  the price is very low and the usb feature makes transfer easy.  the software included is relatively simple to use and allows you to insert cds, and create mp3 files.  <br>the only drawback is that the 3 ways they made for you to wear it are pretty bad.  it comes with a pendant (who wants to have it swinging around their neck?) a little plastic pouch that is very hard to put on your belt, and a wrist strap.  i found a good way to wear it, though.  buy one of those little sticky things with the belt clip that you use for a cell phone and then just clip it on your belt with that.  once you get that, it's perfect.  ", 'i am very disappointed, i like the brand sandisk, but this product is bad.  i bought the item because of the brand, then i read the reviews, and now i have problem with the product, it does not work anymore.  i repeat it again, i am very very disappointed.  ', "i've been a professional photographer for about 20 years, but i did have a hiatus in that span in which photography fell by the wayside. i've gotten back into the craft and for the most part, i have kissed film goodbye - and i would have bet my left arm that would never happen. i just bought a new digital outfit to begin my new venture into the photo biz and asked an acquaintance who is a freelance photographer and who is sent on assignment by such publications as time & life. he recommended the p-2000 when i asked his opinion on the best device out there to use in the field to clear out cf cards and after getting to handle one in person, i agreed with him and bought mine 2 weeks ago.  the image quality is stunning. there is no other way to put it. colors are crisp & sharp on the moderate-sized display and the controls are ipod-ishly intuitive and easy to operate.  there are some things i believe should be done to make the next incarnation a 5-star achiever:  1.) this puppy really needs to have a firewire port. say what you will about usb 2.0 - on a mac, firewire is simply faster. i have a usb 2.0 port on my imac, but this thinig is too freakin' slow in importing images via usb to the computer. this is a device for professionals - i'd say can the sd slot in favor of a firewire port!  2.) the charging port is on the opposite side of where the lanyard attaches. ... so, if you want this to charge while in its protective case, you have to turn the lanyard  in the case and have it charging in an awkward position.  3.) they seriously need to come out w/ an external battery charger. i do not see the point of buying a separate battery if there is no charger other than the unit itself.  4.) the delay between clicking on a thumbnail and/or zoominig in is way too long. sometimes, it's zooms in fast, and other times it feels like an ice age is going to pass you by while you wait.  5.) it is way too picky on video formats. the example/demo video that came w/ the unit is a .mov quicktime file - but i have quicktime files that play fine on my mac that won't play on this thing. granted, i will primarily be using this as a professional companion in photoshoots, not as a video player - but you get the idea.  6.)  where you put in the cf card, it needs to be labled more clearly on the orientation so you don't jam it in backwards.  7.) when the disk is full and you want to import the photos into iphoto - it takes forever. i have imported photos from external hard drives, cds and dvds before, but this is the slowest ever. i shot a wedding rehearsal and the wedding itself - well over 2000 photos in about 14 hours of activities over 2 days. i got home and hooked this puppy up at 4pm and started importing photos. i went about my day, took a nap and about a few minutes to midnight, went to look at the photos and they were still importing! only about 75% had been imported. i don't know if this is a 2000 rpm drive or if it's a usb 1.0 or what its shortcomings are in the speed dept., but yikes, it takes way too stinking long!  despite its shortcomings, it is a fast downloader from cf to the drive while in the field. not as fast as i'd like, but decent. i used this device yesterday during a photoshoot in which i took bridal portraits for about 3 hours. i imported over 700 photos and the bride viewed many of them, zooming in on several - and half the battery life remains. this device pays for itself in just saving the cost of larger capacity cf cards over time. thus far, i am very pleased with this purchase.  ", 'i purchased 2 for my kids and they love them!  i would suggest buying them for adults as well as kids!  ', 'great price but very hard to use, you can spend 15 minutes just trying to escape the menu. be nice to have better volume control.  ', "if you're thinking of buying an i-pod shuffle, get this instead.  it's cheaper, easy-to-use, has a screen so you can select songs/albums, and fits more music.  oh, and it has a pretty good battery life.    ", "this is my fourth ipod and definitely my favorite, it's a great player and i love the ability to be able to watch videos.  i'm not bothered by the fact that they left out the charger block as i already have two, plus you don't really need one.  for everyone who is considering getting on or already has one and doesn't know how to convert video to it here's a short guide (assuming you already have video on your computer, from wherever).  ok, very easy, the psp uses the exact same video format so use google to find a psp video converter and make your video 320x240 and either 512 or 384 kbps.  use mp3 audio at 96 or 64 kbps.  this will make video about 200mb per hour plus it looks great on the ipod.  ", 'your buying 128 mb worth of frustration and $10 worth of gas from back and forth to wal-mart.  i bought my creative muvo and had it for a month or so. loved it. had everything i needed, great mp3 worked great. one day, plugged it in to put a song on it and all of the sudden it starts smoking. big hole in it from all the smoke. so, i return it at walmart for a new one. two days later i plug it in my usb to put a song on it - smokes again!!!!!!! i returned it and got my money back... got an ipod shuffle, buy that much better mp3 player wont start on fire...   ', 'why buy a dell dj when you can buy a ipod. an ipod is a sleek cool device and its popular. do u see people or kids walking aroung with a dell dj? no! you mostly find someone having a ipod.  plus! ipod has itunes to go with it. if you ask me i think dell should stink with its comp and printers. not made for mp3 players!  ', "all you need to know about this device is that its manufacturer, sony, is a music publisher.<p>so they created this device to protect themselves and lock us out of having unfettered access to our music that we purchased in cd form.<p>their software and memory stick technology use the term &quot;open&quot; to describe the accessibility of your music, but it's really closed, or at least limited.<p>it works like this: you copy your cds onto your harddrive.  then, you &quot;check out&quot; songs from the harddrive to your memory stick, much like you check a book out of a library.  at that point you can only listen to the song from the stick, or your cd.  it will be unavailable on your harddrive until you check it back in -- just like at the library.  there are also limits to the number of times/or amount of time you can &quot;check out&quot; music (i can't remember which -- that's when i gave up and returned the thing.)  ", "i bought a 30g ipod photo a little over a year ago and was on my second replacement when just recently, outside the warranty (which of course goes from original purchase date, not replacement date), it's kaput again. now if i have to pay $275 for apple to fix or replace a three month old player! no way. three players on the blink, each after a few months - that isn't just bad luck.   that isn't even mentioning the difficulties with the itunes software or if you change computers. i get a new pc and have to re-transfer 100s of cds! how lame. that negates all the convenience of the large capacity (i wish other mp3 players had the storage space the ipods have).   i just can't justify spending more money to replace this limited, inferior pos again. so essentially over the last year i have spent about $1 a day to have a player and now i'm left with nothing. i will be buying a different player. i will spend far less than $275 and get something that will last more than three months, is compatible with the rest of the players in the world and is easy and convenient to load and use - obviously not an ipod! unfortunately i can't transfer the music i spend hours and hours loading up (over and over). what a waste of money and time.  ", 'i dropped my new 40 gb ipod in the sink for the briefest of moments.  believe me, it is not all that difficult to do.  water rushed into the docking port and the unit is toast.  naturally, water damage is not covered by the warranty.   but now the bad news ... it costs $249 plus $7 in shipping, or $256 to repair, compared to $399 for a new 40 gb ipod (or $299 for the 20 gb model with the same repair charge).  it is the same charge whether covered by warranty or not.  there is no credit for being under warranty whatsoever.  even a battery replacement is $99 plus $7 in shipping.    apple product support personnel were matter of fact about the charge and the problem of water.  one person told me of an ipod destroyed by being splashed poolside.  another mentioned that he has raised internally the problem of water rushing into the docking port.  imagine walking around with this ipod in a steady rain.     my conclusions - the 40 gb ipod is a fragile, expensive piece of equipment with arguably a design flaw.  the excessive cost of repairs undermines its attractiveness.  it was my first apple product and my last.  bad show apple!      ', "the other reviewer of this product obviously didn't read the directions.  first of all, the unit comes with a piece that secures the battery in the remote.  second, i am assuming it is a limitation of the ipod's software, but when the remote adapter is plugged in, the ipod is supposed to say it is ok to disconnect.  having said that, the unit does suck.  when the adapter is plugged in, you cannot use the ipod's controls or view anything on its screen.  the remote is very buggy and often loses its connection to the ipod.  if you go through songs too quickly, the information displayed on the screen will not always be correct.  the ipod doesn't always respond to the remote.  you can hear a buzzing in your earphones when information is being transferred to the remote.  battery life is pathetic.  finally, the remote scratches easily and is ugly.  suffice it to say, i returned mine.  ", 'pros:  - field backup of your photos  - nice display  - easy to understand and use (compared to, say, your camera)  cons which, if corrected, would put it in the 5 star:  - slow to load from cf to internal hdd  - no external battery charger  - cannot zoom in on camera raw files  - price $200 less (might as well dream)  4 stars.  worth owning.      ', "one of the great things about this player is you do not have to install any special software; just drag a folder of mp3s over to it. the best feature is its future potential; the manufacturer brags 'firmware upgradeable' on the box and an internet search reveals an active user forum and homebrew software available.  i actually found a use for the text file viewer-- it is a handy way to keep track of a new workout routine. sound quality is good enough for loud rock music while mowing or working out.  there are some minor annoyances in the software. the equalizer does not have enough frequency ranges and introduces some noise. there is not a clear indication when you disable the eq and turn on the srs feature. the picture display is cool, but no zoom and pan - even my cell phone does that. however, these are all minor bugs that could be fixed with new software.  one of the advertised features is line in recording - but you don't get the line input jack unless you buy a cradle. hmmm, why not just use the line input jack on your computer sound card and save the money. i would rather have had a line input and/or a mic jack on the unit itself than the wired remote control jack - the iriver is about the size of a remote control itself so i am not sure what the logic was here.  like i mentioned earlier these are minor annoyances and i am generally impressed with the performance and sound on the player.     ", "can't mess with apple!  for $400, you get 60gb, a beautiful screen, and a cool black design.  as always, the major gripes are with the cheap earbuds and lack of early accessory support.  you do get a case with it now, a thin slip-on deal that does make it easier to put the ipod in a pocket or briefcase without scratching.  i would disagree with people who don't like the accelerated wheel scrolling.  at just over 30gb on mine, scrolling through the artists or albums would take a long time one-by-one.  the acceleration is fairly intuitive once you get used to it.  the screen is big and clear.  i seriously doubt anyone would watch movies on it, but i can see downloading news and half-hour shows to watch while on a stairmaster or riding the train.  at this point, you're on your own for video content unless you're a disney lemming.  ", 'i\'ve had my jump gear 512 mb for three days, and it\'s already stopped working. the lcd window is lit up, but i can\'t ff or rew, and the volume doesn\'t work. i tried logging onto lexar\'s chat support, but was kept on hold for 20 minutes and i quit out. there\'s several things i don\'t get about this (lexar\'s instructions don\'t help much). first of all, when i drag and drop mp3 files from itunes to the jump drive, i end up with a  .m4a extension, instead of mp3. not sure if that matters. i\'m interfacing with an imac running osx 10.3, and am unable to find an app to help manage my files. also, i can\'t play more than one song in a row: after each song, i have to select a new tune and press play. except now the player doesn\'t work at all.  i hope i can return this thing.  update: i finally got through to lexar. the jumpgear is not mac compatible, i was told, and you cannot drag and drop mp3s from itunes. "our marketing dept. needs to be made aware of this fact," i was told.  update to update: received an email from lexar customer support today. now they tell me i can drag and drop itunes generated mp3s, but that the unit i just purchased is defective and needs to be returned to lexar. these people are clearly clueless about their mac customers. unless you are pc based, stay away from this product!  ', 'does the av500 only come in silver? it looks good but if you look at the gmini 500 (it looks the same except in black) it really does look amazing i love the idea that you can record off your tv but i am not sure if you have to buy extra cables for this and i would much apreciate it if someone would tell me thanks guys and have a happy happy easter!!!!!!!!!  ', "i bought this player about 2 months ago. i like it. it's easy to transfer files to and from the unit especially since the unit can be connected to your computer as a windows device and use windows media player to transfer files or it can be connected as a hard drive and the files can be transferred as you would transfer files from any hard disk drive. i use it mostly for music, but i have also used it to take photos and to record video. the picture quality is just fine for me and i believe for most applications. it works well as a camera and a camcorder and it is simple and straightforward to use.  i don't like the carrying case supplied by archos, it is thin and unpadded. the battery life is excellent. i am not impressed with the ear buds, but then again i don't like ear buds generally. over all it is a nice unit. i haven't played any of the games, but it is a game player as well. it works nicely for me.  you need a carrying case for the unit because it can easily slip out of your hands. the menu buttons are large enough to actually use even with clumsy fingers like mine. i use music match jukebox and i wish it had the ability to sync with this unit, but it currently does not. (last time i checked)  ", 'i was having a lot of problems with mp3 players until a friend gave me this one used.  this thing is awesome! you can organize your music on the player from sonic stage which is a great program. the battery lasts a long time and takes a very short time to charge via usb 2.0 port.   it is absolutely excellent  ', "bought for my wife and haven't seen it in along time.  even my son doesn't want to mess with it.  ", "i just picked up my ipod nano last night. i totally thought this thing was going to suck. man oh man was i wrong. this thing is beyond belief. this thing is so damn small its unbelieveable. it is definitely worth getting if you don't need all that extra space.  size: the thing is really small and about the width of a pencil. it is really light. you need to see this thing up close. the commercials don't depict the right image. the click wheel is smaller, and the main button in the center is slightly bigger. the screen is small, but then again its the nano. the backside is metal, just like the regular ipod. i'd take care of that because it fingerprints and scratches. then again you can't help the fingerprints. for such a small ipod, this thing is impressive.  new things: alright lets start out with placement. the hold button is on the top left, and is small, you might need to use your fingernails. the headphone slot is on the bottom left. it comes with the regular headphones, although i thought they were the one that goes around your neck. the slot for the usb is right next to the headphone jack, and surprisingly the only way to charge it, if you don't have the additional charger. if you do have the additional charger your in luck, because it does work with the nano. but just be careful if you have the usb charger, because if it runs out of battery, your pretty much screwed. the color screen is really clear, and enhances everything. cover art is available if you get it from itunes. the features that are new in the ipod are compelling. there is a world clock, stopwatch, screen lock, and everything else you are used to.   packaging: the packaging is different. the box is smaller, and is black if you get the white nano. it opens up to the ipod on the right, then the supplies on the left. they are in a open up pouch on the top. there are two small packages. one contains instructions, stickers, and an itunes 5 installer. the other package is contained with headphones, an additional add on to the dock, the usb cord, and covers for the headphones.   quality: i got the white nano, mainly because i am big about scratches. there are unfortunately a couple on the screen, but when the backlight is on, they are hard to see. if you get the black be careful about scratches. i am waiting for a case to protect it. if you want to wipe off something dont use your shirt. use a kleenex, or something soft. the sound quality is better as well. the screen quality is also better especially with a color screen.  pros and cons.  pros: -very slim put it anywhere, wait for a case before you put it in you pocket. -sound quality is better. -color screen. -additional features. -battery goes for about 14 hours, 10 hours with backlight  cons: -only charges with the usb cord, unless you buy the ac charger. -scratches...ehh they are annoying, especially with the black.  -need to take great care of it, avoid dropping it.  with all cons gone, this thing is for you! if you want a durable little ipod, and are not too obsessed about music, forget the shuffle and get this! i highly reccomend it.    ", "don't believe the negative reviews. i've had two of them in the house for almost 6 months. no problems. they are great for downloading books on tape and music. some libraries offer free downloads that will work on this creative zen nano. they are small and easy to carry around---weigh almost nothing! email:boland7214@aol.    ", "for years as an audiophile, i've been blowing crazy money on 2-channel high end systems, but always wanted to get my first portable mp3 audio player to 'join the ipod craze'.  after probably spending close to 10 grand on mcintosh equipment and huge magneplanar speakers all these years, i realized i need something simple, compact, and cheap for when i walk the dog or cut the lawn.  so rather than spending 2 or 3 hundred on higher capacity ipod players, i decided to get this 1gb player for less than a third of what i would have paid for an ipod, as my foray into portable players.  the choice was a sound one (pun intended).  so far, i have about 200 songs in my 'zen v', and the transfer from my pc was easy, fairly quick, and flawless.  the interface is intuitive, and battery life very good.  the built in variable eq and 'bass boost' feature is a godsend as well, since you can effectively tailor your audio to the sonic qualities of your earpieces or headphones.  the cheap earpieces that come with this unit are not too good, so my only advice would be to invest in a good set of cans if you want killer sound.  i have a pair of akg k26p 'cans' for portable use, and a pair of sennheiser hd-595 'cans' for home use.  i cannot emphasize enough how a better set of earpieces or headphones will improve the zen v's sound immensely!  considering the size, price, sound, and features of this portable media player, it is a 'no brainer' for those wanting an excellent, more affordable digital music player!  ", "this product is compatible only with microsoft windows xp.  creative has really fallen short on what could have been a nice product by choosing to offer drivers for only one operating system.  if you have windows 2000/me/98, don't waste your time with this product.  there is absolutely no way to transfer files to it.  i had one, tried it, and sent it back for a refund.  ", 'i was thrilled to get the gigabeat (60 gig) and spent hours loading it up. then the problems began. this is an actual partial copy of my email to toshiba customer service at the address provided with the product: ........................................................ just received gigabeat 60 from amazon friday. s/n: (provided)   this has been a nightmare for me. i waited for this product and did not want to go ipod.   after following all instructions and spending hours downloading selected music, pictures and videos - including several vongo downloaded films which i subscribed to just for your device, i connected the gigabeat later yesterday to add some more downloads and instead i saw a message on the device stating something like "deleting files" and within seconds everything i had downloaded was gone....gone!   after this i rebooted the pc, reconnected the usb to the gigabeat and it was no longer recognized by the pc, even though i did get the message asking me if i wanted to use windows media or vongo. when i clicked on windows media is when i got the "not recognized" message. interestingly the vongo site did recognize and i was able to download films again...but i could never get the pc to recognize gigabeat when in windows media. i even downloaded wm again through the gigabeat software cd.   so, i waited until this morning to try again - since it was after midnight when i finally gave up trying.    this morning (sunday) i turned on the gigabeat, the pc and reconnected them using the usb. this time i immediately got a message on the pc stating that the connected device has malfunctioned. then i disconected the gigabeat, which said it was connected, and the gigabeat\'s screen shut down. it will not turn on at all. it will not even show the battery icon when using the ac adaptor.   i am ready to return this to amazon tomorrow and ready to write a user review outlining this horrible experience. your device came with a slip of paper saying please do not return the product and to call customer service. this either means that you are serious about making this product successful, or there have been many problems, or both. of course, unlike many other tech product suppliers, you have no weekend phone support and do not even begin until 10 am est on weekdays.    i will wait to call amazon to arrange the return until 1:00pm est in case you would like to call or email to discuss. if you email or call and get my voice mail please be sure to leave a direct return phone number....or failing that please state a time that you will be calling and i will make sure i am in my office to answer your call - any time between 11:30 and 1:30 est.   again, this has been a nightmarish disappointment for me. i would appreciate a thorough and helpful response.    update: after i returned the product i received an email response - days later - from toshiba customer service (rick) telling me to "swith off the battery for at least 3 minutes" and if this doesn\'t work to call an 800 number for support. i\'m not sure what this meant as the battery has no switch and is not removable. but, of course, i had already returned the product and have received a refund from amazon.   some people seem to love the new gigabeat, but i am not willing to live with the chance that all files will delete on their own at any time. i liked it for the hour that it worked for me. in my opinion, toshiba has work to do in quality control as well as customer support. i guess i\'ll wait for the upcoming competing microsoft product.   ', 'having an usb recharge is wonderful - no batteries to replace regularly.  can easily switch modes, and it will remember reliably what your last setting was for.  you will love this little gem and 512 mb is more music that you really need to carry around.  ', "i finally decided to get an mp3 player because i was getting tired of searching for and loading cds in my car's changer.  i wanted as much storage capacity as possible so i could keep my entire music library in my car, which is the only place i listen to music.    my research led me to the 60 gb ipod and then i found the archos.  not only does it have more space (100 gb), but a bigger screen (but it is also bigger and heavier than the ipod.)  however, now i could use the archos to store my daughter's videos for trips and ditch the heavy dvd player and discs.  plus it has a built in speaker, which is necessary since my daughter refuses to use earphones.    transfering files from windows xp is easy.  video transfer is as simple as plugging the archos into a dvd player and recording as the dvd is played.  a more complicated approach is to rip the dvd on a pc and recode using mpeg-4.  for car/travel the archos is great.  for those who need a player while jogging/biking, something smaller without all the video functions might be a better choice.       ", 'i am running a mac os 10.3 and i bought this because the store was out of ipods and i needed an mp3 player quick. on the box it says that this is a mac compatable mp3 player.  first of all, there is absolutely no support for macs on the printed manual or the cd disc that comes with it. there is also no support on the web page, everything is pc geared so any updates for your player will be unavailable to you. second of all, if you\'ve been using itunes then this player will not recognize any of the tags except for "song"; everything else comes up "unknown". if you\'re buying the 40gig player, that is a lot of songs you\'re going to have to manually change for this player. i guess it makes sense that they wouldn\'t try to gear this to mac users since they should know that the ipod is far superior (and it is). even if you\'re not a mac user you should shell out the extra $100 for the ipod; you won\'t regret it. my roommate has a pc and an ipod and he loves itunes over "media player" and he loves his ipod too.  ', 'the mp3 only worked 3 days. after the third day i ignite it and it does not do anything, stays as in stanby without possibility of doing nothing.    ', 'i do not have many things to say about this item, it is sooo cool... i just did not like the batery caause its not take so long but the stuff is really good.   ', "i bought this samsung mp3 player almost a year ago and have been nothing but pleased with this item.  i use it practically everyday, mainly when i'm at work or when i run.  i bought an adapter for my car and use it there as well.  this mp3 player is tough and does have a good battery.  i was a little disappointed at first with the battery life but the longer i've had it the better the battery has performed.    it's perfect when i go running, i just clip it on to my short pockets and forget that it's there while i run.  there is a downside with that, which i've found out twice the hard way, the metal clip is rough and will rub against your skin if you clip it to the top of your shorts.  i still have a bruise from this past weekend from it.  it's my own fault so i wouldn't hold that against this item.  if you're like me and don't need 10,000hrs of music, just a few of your favorties then i recommend buying this.  the screen is bright and also has a clock screensaver, which is good for runners that don't wear watches.  i also like that fact that i can charge this on any computer with a usb, plus i can play my music through any computer by using the usb and the mp3 player.  great for public libraries or switching between computers.  ", "the ipod series has gained an incredibly loyal following over the years. with the release of the ipod photo 60 gig, apple has created a machine that can hold entire music collections - and more.  for those of us who remember the days of giant 128mb mp3 players, to have a 60 gig small hand-held is just amazing. it is barely the size of a pack of cigarettes. the case is white plastic on the front and shiny silver metal on the back, which will scratch in about .2 seconds unless you're careful. be sure to buy a protector immediately.  exercise enthusiasts will note that there are moving parts inside here - you can feel it buzz slightly when you do some file operations. it is more akin to a cd player than to a radio. if you are riding an exercise bike, this will be no problem. if you're jogging, that's another issue entirely. active people should stick with flash memory style systems with no moving parts. of course the funny part of this is that the commercials all show ipod users dancing around like maniacs.  you might wonder just how you could fill up 60 gig of space legally. being a musician and friends of many musicians, i of course highly encourage you to pay for all of your music. it's only 99 cents a song - and you are helping to keep musicians fed and promoted. in any case, the ipod makes it easy to store what you've got. i can get about 3,000 songs in 10 gig. for a youngster just getting started in the work world, this might be a high achievement in cd ownership. but for most adults that i know, especially adults in a relationship, it is easy to have 300+ cds in the house. you collect them over the years, as your musical interests change and new bands come out. this ipod finally lets you put all your music in one place and hit shuffle. it is really cool to play music for days and days and have it all be different.  the photo aspect is really neat, too. the screen is 220 x 176 which gives you a nice resolution for most photos. there are hundreds of applications for this. you can carry photos of family and friends. you can carry photos of birds for birdwatching. you can carry trip photos. you can carry poison ivy identification photos when you camp. true, a very detailed image (say a class photo with 500 people in it) is going to be too tiny to see. but a nice well-done photo (say a titmouse on a branch) will be perfect for your needs.  the interface is really easy to use and needs no manual. you slide up and down to choose an item, and click to accept it. there's a clock, calendar, contact manager, and fun games. i really like the 'music quiz' where it plays a snippet of one of your songs and makes you guess which one it is. since you obviously loaded all the songs onto your ipod you would think this would be easy - but if you have a large library, it can be amazingly hard!  best of all, recent price drops have made this all-around favorite surprisingly affordable. if you've got a decently sized collection of cds, and some photos you'd love to carry with you, i highly recommend this device. it's well worth the price.  ", "the wide body styling is awkward and the smaller click wheel is harder to manuever. i have the 2nd generation and like it much better. i love the tall thin slick styling on it. the only plus with the 3rd gen is more gigs for your money, but bottom line it's styling holds it back. i'll be returning.   ", 'i purchased the nano from my local fry\'s electronics.  4gig, black.  i\'m using it with a 1ghz powerbook g4 15" 10/10/1000 ethernet, dvi, but not usb 2.0...  which poses a problem because the nano does not support sync via firewire.(although it can be charged over firewire)  the lack of firewire, my only real complaint about the nano, and aside from that, there is very little to find fault in aside from an overly bright screen (see below).  i\'ve overcome the lack of firewire compatability by upgrading my laptop to usb 2.0 through the purchase of a $24 usb 2.0 pcmcia card from fry\'s.  for about the same cost as what i would have had to pay for the firewire cable anyway (if it were useful for anything other than charging) i have a pcmcia card that provides compatability in addition to fast usb for external hard disks, etc...  the mac (osx panther) recognized the card immediately, without the need for drivers, etc.  sync was very very fast, transfering complete songs in less than 1 second per song in many cases.  fast transfers.  fry\'s had numerous models of cards, some with firewire and usb 2.0, other\'s with just firewire, and still others with only usb.  i purchased the least expensive, usb 2.0 only card that, only on the back of the package in fine type did it mention macs... and it works almost perfectly.  (note unplug the card before closing the powerbook lid or it won\'t sleep, and won\'t wake up the monitor, forcing a restart... this is the only issue i\'ve encountered)  regarding the nano.  small, stupid small, almost too small...almost.  click wheel works great, volume is powerful, songs are accessed immediatly with no delay (flash memory).  as there is no hard disk to be scrambled from impacts, it is able to take minor drops without issue.  and when it does fall, the thing is so light that it almost always falls softly.  syncs are very very quick using usb 2.0.  (i frequently wipe all the songs and re-upload rather than poke through them when i want to make changes.  uploading about 3 gigs of music takes around 30-40 seconds at most)  the unit is light weight enough that i often pick it up by the headphone cord with no fear of it unplugging and falling.  the stock earbuds sound great, but hurt my ears after extended listening.  i currently use some foam earbuds i already owned.  others have no problems with the ear buds, so i think it\'s just dependant upon the shape of one\'s ears.  my only other complaint and i\'m sure it can be overcome with a firmware upgrade, is that the white led back light is blindingly bright at night.  when in the car using it, it actually almost hurts to look at it.  when the back light turns off, it does so by quickly fading out, so the capability to vary brightness is there, and needs to only have a menu option added to control it for low light use.  if i had to think up anything else wrong, i would say it the black moel shows fingerprints and smudges too easily. (but it looks sooo good in black)... but really, disregarding the lack of firewire which i\'m sure would have added size, and since mose people already have usb 2.0 anyway could afford to be sacrificed... if the best complaints i can come up with are "a screen that\'s too bright", and "shows smudges", then this one is most certainly a winner.    -jason  ', "well my brother has this nice and cool looking jukebox player.  it has 30gb which holds up to 15,000 songs! :o  it doesn't have a click wheel but it does have this line/track looking thing which i think is kind of better then the click wheel.  it looks better and it's less hand movement :)  i also give it 2 thumbs up because all of the buttons light up :o! the buttons are kind of like censors....  the only downside to this nice looking toy is that its kind of difficult to add album art and pictures onto it.  also if you purchase this product i highly reccomend you to purchase another set of headphones/earphones so you can prevent ear damage...  this jukebox player also comes with a case! so you wont have to purchase a $30 case that will end up ripping....  it is also very very easy to transfer music to it :)  ", "this is my second archos that i've had and i feel that it needs to be more durable for all the money you shove out to get it. my first one fell out my locker and i definitely accept responsibility for that, but this second one i've bought takes the cake. at first, it was doing fine. no issues. but now, it has shut down and it won't start back up. i went to the site and tried to reset it like the instructions said but that didn't work. so, i sent an email to the archos site and now i'm awaiting a response. i think i've finally learned my lesson. all that glitters is not gold!!! beware buyer, unless you are the type that don't mine spending money or super careful of all your stuff.  ", 'i have just gotten the white ipod video 60gb for christmas and i am amazed! it is surprisingly easy to put photos and videos on it, contradicting what i have heard so far. but if i were you, i would buy a case that protects the ipod and the delicate screen. i recommend the invisibleshield. here is the link: http://thinkdifferentstore.com/product_info.php/products_id/1431         the graphics and the quality are exceptional for such a small device. but a word of caution, the battery drains faster.  ', "i had my creative zen vision for all of about 3 hours.  having previously owned a 20gb creative zen portable media center and being completely unsatisfied with it i was really hoping that creative had gone the extra mile and learned from their past effort.  well, 3 hours into things i discovered they did a few things right but one thing horribly wrong.  the screen quality is just plain awful.  if people are finding a decent angle at which to hold their's then that's great, i couldn't find one at all.  you'll spend more time fidgeting, trying to find an optimum angle than you'll ever spend actually enjoying a movie on the thing.  it's simply a cheap lousy screen.    the rest of the unit is fine.  the construction is solid, the interface very easy to use (though the included software isn't all that great), and even the sound is pretty good - but let's face it, we buy these things to watch movies on and if they can't handle that then what good are they?  ", "i have owned this device for about 4 months and i'm glad i made the purchase.  i found this new for $170 at another site - sorry amazon :( - so i really couldn't pass it up.  good points: cheap, sony name(some may find that bad), sound quality is good, mp3 support, i got about 25hrs of battery life, small size, and nice styling.  weak points:  menus are a little cumbersome to navigate but nothing major.   i often have the player lock up or skip during high-impact running.  i suppose a flash type player would be better suited for running. the biggest disappointment was uncovered the first time i transferred my collection of music onto the unit.  sonicstage 2.3 would crash on my system during transfers with win xp pro sp2.  also, many of my mp3's would not transfer.  i downloaded an xp hotfix and i somehow managed to fill up the drive so i didn't need to add anything else for a while.  recently i wanted to add some new music so i downloaded version 3.2 before making the transfer and had no problems!  i recommend everyone upgrade to a newer version of sonicstage if you are having reliability issues.   3.2 also organizes tracks a little better and it's a little easier to clean up the artist/title/album names to make everything nice and neat.  if you can manage to find this for &lt;$200 i would say go for it and make sure you download some better transfer software.  ", "i did not buy the bean through amazon - i actually got it as a gift. but, i did want to say a few things about the product, because i was surprised there were a few bad reviews on the page...  first of all - the software was an effortless install, even with my anti-virus running the entire time. if you have a pc running anything but xp, you might have issues (and the install instructions clearly warn you of this possibility). but, let's be serious here. it's 2006 - upgrade to a machine with xp loaded as the operating system.  secondly - the software does convert .wav files and windows files.  and, finally - stop with the complaining about having to pay to download from the sony store. you can use the included software to burn music you bought from the sony store to a cd - as well as using it to upload to the bean. with itunes, you can upload only to the ipod... and you can forget about burning to cd any downloads from the itunes store...  for the money - this is a great deal.  only complaint i have is about the sony store itself... while there is a lot of available music, i would like to see more.  ", "please go to rca's website and download and install the lastest firmware update. lots of enhancements and feature upgrades  firmware:: rd2765 lyra mp3 hard drive firmware/application upgrade (version 1.25)  ", "i wish someone had wrote this review before i had bought my rio carbon(2 for that matter.) i purchased my rio carbon around xmas of 2004.  having used it for almost a year with no complaints i dropped it.  im not a clumsy person but using it everyday scrolling between songs after song it would move in and out my pocket repeatedly.  as you can guess the volume and song scroll wheel got jammed in.  this delicate piece does not take much effort to destroy.  so i decided to be extremely careful and buy the rio carbon pearl(6gb).  again it worked perfectly for a little bit over a year and then suddenly it didn't work.  after restarting the unit more than a dozen times it worked again but did not read the songs i had on the mp3.  rio customer service said they did not know what was wrong, but i had another 2 or 3 mb of storage left.  now 2 months later my rio completely kunked out and i never drop the unit once!!! i hate apple and ipod because everybody had one and i didn't want pay more for an ipod mini which at the time had less storage space for around the same price. but now i know why people pay more for things: qaulity. a brand new rio carbon cost 114 dollars now as listed on amazon; but if you are ok with it having problems within a year, then this is the mp3 4 u.  ", "i recently was given this mp3 player and can honestly say that it is very good. it is even better if you plan to run with it.<br>in this review i will breifly run off exactly what is in the box and what the speceific features are.<br>i.in the box<br>--a.nike psa[play 120 player<br>----1.64 mb of on board memory <br>----2.cavity for a disk of up to 64 mb<br>----3.cavity for 1 aa battery<br>----4.cavity to screw on either the included armband or belt clip<br>----5.place to plug in remote control<br>----6.controls<p>-----a.on/lock/off switch<br>------1.lock, all controls other than on/lock/off are disabled<br>-----b.play/pause<br>-----c.next/previous track<br>-----d.fast forward/rewind<br>-----e.stop<br>-----f.volume increase/decreas<br>------g.eq<br>------1.toggles between seven preset equilizer positions<br>------(don't worry if you don't know what this means it's not<br>------all that important)<br>--b.nike psa[play 120 remote control<br>---1.place to plug in included head phones socket is a garden<br>---varity socket<p>---2.attatched belt clip<br>---3.attatched wire to plug into player<br>---4.liquid crystal display<br>----a.track number<br>----b.track title(taken from your computer when track is <br>----downloaded to player<br>----c.track counter<br>----d.battery power<br>-----1.4 levels<br>------a.excelent 3 bars<br>------b.good 2 bars<br>------c.floundering 1 bar<br>------d.dead would be 0 bars but when it reaches that level the<br>------display shutdowns like the rest of the player so you won't<br>------able to see the lack of the bar in the battery <br>------display<br>------e.wether or not the controls are locked<br>------f.volume level when volume is changed<br>---5.controls<br>----a.lock/unlock<br>----b.volume increase/decrease<br>----c.play/pause<br>----d.next/previous track<br>----e.fast forward/rewind<br>----f.stop<br>--c.head phones.<br>---1.over the head band<br>---2.buds on ends that go inside ears<br>---3.cord used to plug int remote control or player<br>----a.if cord is plugged into player than remote control cannot<br>----be plugged into player and subsquently not used at the given <br>----time. <br>---4.collapsable for easy storage.<br>--d.usb cable to plug into usb port (windows 98 required)<br>---a. plugs into the same socket as the remote control or<br>---headphones so you can't listen to music while you are putting <br>---music on.<br>--f.one aa battery<br>--g.belt clip<br>---1.screws onto the back of the player with tumb screw <br>---2.provides secure attatchment to an article of clothing<br>--h.arm band<br>---1.screws onto the back of the player with thumb screw<br>---2.provides sucure attactchment to a limb fits snuggly around <br>---my upper arm<br>---3.measures approx. 16&quot; before it is stretched.<br>--i.pc/mac software for transfering tracks to player<br>---1.i don't use this software i prefere windows media player<p>pros<br>-rugged, good for exercise, doesn't feel like it will break easily<br>-intuitive control design<br>-can opt not to use the remote control<br>-secure connections so you don't worry about it slipping<br>-good velcro strap for the arm band<br>-headphones fold up for easy transportation<br>cons<br>-arm band is a bit to snug for my arm and leaves a small mark if worn for a long time<br>-lack of features such as repeat and shuffle play<br>-head phone buds which are designed to be inserted into your ears are very oversized and hurt when crammed in ears for a while.<br>-battery can't be changed when belt clip or armband are attatched<p>overall: the weakist link is easily the headphones but you can just use a different pair of headphones. since head phones are about 5 bucks they don't detract a whole star from a 200 dollar product. other than that none of the other problems are that annoying, the lack of features is made up for by the remote control which makes it so easy to change tracks that you can listen to whatever you want. not being able to change the battery when the belt clip or arm band are attatched is ok because chances are when you are running you don't have a battery any way and isf you do you can always just unscrew the thumb screw and change it. the last slight con is the arm band being a bit snug, this was unavoidable because if the band wasn't a bit snug the player would not be secure to your arm and it is no where near tight enough that it will ever cause any damage to your arm. i find that be putting the band over my shirt sleeve feel barely anything. overall this is a great product and should be considered if you are shopping for a player even if you aren't an athlete.  ", 'pros: - great battery life - high quality output (not amazing, but better than any other mp3 player i have heard) - flac support (and support for a lot of codecs in general) - line-in/mic/radio recording directly to mp3 - mic is way better quality than i expected - fast hdd transfer speeds - no 3rd-party software needed (you can just drop files directly to it) - high-quality construction - user interface is easy to use.  cons: - ergonomics could be better - joystick seems like it could break if you\'re not careful (although i\'ve put mine in my pocket and haven\'t had any problems).   thoughts:  i bought this player for the following reasons.  1. i don\'t want to have to install a piece of software to transfer files to my mp3 player. 2. i have mostly flac files, and this is one of the few mp3 players that has flac support. 3. i had heard that the audio quality of this mp3 player is higher than that of it\'s brethren.  so, i wasn\'t really sure what to expect when i opened the package it came in.  but, i was actually pleasantly surprised by the obvious quality of the player as soon as i picked it up (and i\'m not easily impressed).  it feels like you could accidentally step on it and it would be just fine.  i plugged the player in to sony mdr-v600 headphones, and i wasn\'t very impressed by the audio quality.  it colored the sound in a way that was extremely obvious to me, and i didn\'t like it.  after digging through setup for 2 minutes i find that you can disable bbe, mach3bass, and 3dsurround (which i recommend doing).  after disabling those options, it sounded great!  i\'m in a band with my brother, and a couple days ago we decided to record one of our practice sessions with this player (just for fun to see how it sounds).  i am actually really impressed with the quality of the mic.  it really exceeds any expectations i had for it (especially since i didn\'t buy this for the mic).  the bottom line is: i view this as the "free man\'s mp3 player".  it works with tons of codecs, you can run it on linux (because it uses usb mass storage device driver), you don\'t need software to sync and it doesn\'t use proprietary codecs.  on a website cowon had a link to, i found a video of somebody who created a firmware hack for the a2 to allow you to play genesis games on it.  if it was another brand, they would probably be suing that website!  ', 'terrible christmas gift.  i wish we would have gotten the i touch instead first.  we struggled with this device for over a week trying to buy the software to go on line with it, but it never worked. no one ever answered the phone in 10 days of trying and being on hold for hours.  ', 'all the nice things folks hae said about this player are true.  however, after about a week of use, the device froze!  used the reset button to restart the unit but that essentially wiped the memory.  nothing but empty folders left.  all pictures and music gone!  used the "rebuild" function and that seems to have gotten the music back, but all album art and all pictures are gone.  it takes hours of work to sync 8gb of music and i\'m not looking forward to having to reload all my music files in order to have album art.    one other gripe:  there are "themes" you can use to liven up the background, but each time the unit powers off, you are back to standard wallpaper.  kind of a pain to reset each time the unit times out.  oh yeah, and you can\'t delete songs using the player\'s interface.  bummer.  other than the above, when it\'s working, it\'s pretty nice.  ', 'the toshiba gigabeat 10gb is an excellent value.  it took a while to get used to the navigation system, but i now find it easy to use.  accessories are not as easy to find as for some other brands, but i have managed to acquire the important basics such as a car charger and travel charger. i am overall very satisfied with the purchase and would again choose it over other options.  ', 'this is a wonderful media player with loads of features.  the problem i have had is that it breaks after just a couple weeks of use.  i have had this model replaced three times and my thrid one broke the first  day i used it.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000cs1jrs/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/002-2386789-8176032">cowon a2 30 gb portable multimedia player</a>  ', "a great mp3 player packed with features> small, easy to use, great sound and a bright display. the head phones that come with the player are mediocre. buy better ones. i suggest the new bose in ear head phones that give this player awesome sound. i gave this unit four stars because the only down fall for me is the on button is too easy to activate. just placing the unit in my gym bag can activate the unit wearing down the battery. more than once i've taken the unit from my bag only to find that it's been playing overnight.  a press and hold for a few seconds would be a better feature for turning the unit on. it's still a gerat bargain for the price.    ", 'this has got to be a joke.  as has been stated below, the pricing for this item is preposterous.  i came here to buy the 5.5-gen ipod since i read many, many reviews branding the new classic line an afterthought at best.  how is it that this 5.5-gen product costs over $200 more than the most updated ipod out there?  give me a break, amazon.  ', "i have been wanting an mp3 player for 3 years, but due to a lack of a job or cash, i was unable to get one worth its salt. i started working at kroger a few weeks ago(from the time i wrote this), so i finally have an income. thus, the search for an mp3 player began.   i looked at the ipod video, and was set on getting that one for awhile. i mean how cool would it be to carry around videos, music, photos, and anything else you could think of, in one pocket-sized gadget? apple at that point had another willing customer. but then, after more research, i realized just how lame it would be to have to really take care of it, as it does indeed, scratch ultra-easy, and before long, your screen will look like a cat attacked it after a few trips in your pocket. it would get so burdensome, i think, to have to deal with that.  i went to wal mart a couple of weeks back, and my eyes caught a small black mp3 player in the display case...this was the philips gogear 6 gb. i was instantly attracted to its sleek design and just how wicked cool it looked. i also noticed that it was a little over $100 cheaper than the ipod. sure, it didn't have near as much space, or video capability, but it still had a nice variety of features. i'll describe them now:  fm radio: you can listen to the radio on the gogear, and for such a small item, it picks up a nice signal. i have 2 rock-station presets on mine(the only rock stations in my area) that both come in crystal-clear. when tuning for a station, you slide your thumb up or down on the touchpad, and a little indicator shows where you're at, much like an alarm clock or small radio's tuning device.   fm radio recording: i haven't fiddled with this feature yet, but you can record what you are listening to on the radio, and it's quite easy to do so.   protective rubber case: included in the package is a rubber case that does actually protect the player, and has a nice feel to it. you might want to cut a small hole in the center of the top of it, because it blocks the headphone jack. a minor, easily fixable flaw.   earbuds: the included earbuds are a bit new to me, feel-wise, but they look awesome, and sound great! they could compare to the seemingly-perfect sounding white ipod earbuds. these things put out some killer sound.   voice recording: this to me, is a really fun and useful feature. you can record messages to yourself(when you have nothing better to do...lol), record your friends' saying things, or even take them to class and record a lecture. i have roughly 3.5 gigs of space taken up on my gogear, and there is still 3 hours of voice recording available.   pictures: it took me a while to figure out how to get pictures to show up on the gogear. they would transfer with ease, (you must use windows media player, you cannot use windows explorer)but would not be detected in the player itself. also, the picture files must be in jpeg format. my pictures were in that format, but still would not show up in the player. i then came up with this seemingly bogus idea of just transferring my pictures to my documents, to see what that would do. low and behold, it worked! so remember, when you want to transfer pictures, transfer them from my documents, not my pictures. if i'm the only one that had this problem....forgive me, lol.   charging time: somehow, when i plugged it into the wall for the first time(to charge it, obviously), it was already charged! every book and site i've seen about this player says to charge it first, before you do anything, and that when it is charging, there will be a battery charging animation on the screen, and it will stop when it is fully charged. i plugged it in, no animation started, and the battery indicated full! i still have no idea how that happened, but i've been listening to it for 3 hours now, and it has not failed on me. perhaps it really is charged...lol. but initially, it takes 4 hours to charge it fully, or there is a 1 hour(70%) fast charge. for a first time use, a full 4 hour charge is highly recommended, unless you are like me, and get one that is fully charged in the package....i still have no idea how that happened.   i hope this narrative of a review has helped you make your decision, and i say this player is indeed, worth every penny. you won't think twice.   ", "i've had my swurv5 now for 2 years and when i first got it, i loved it. its very small, light weight and the fact that it doubles as a usb drive makes music transfer really easy (just plug in to usb port, computer recognizes it as another hard drive, and drop in your music). the reason i only give it 2 stars is for 3 reasons. 1.) it uses a proprietary cable. i lost it and could not find it anywhere, including on the support web site iclickdigital. 2.) the slider control is now broken on my unit after using it to navigate from folder to folder. i've been pretty light on the touch so to see that it is broken now is very discouraging. 3.) the support for this device is virtually non-existent. there are some chat rooms on iclick's website but no one could tell me where i could get a replacement cable. the bottom line is although out of the box, this is a great player, there are cheaper, more sturdy, and better supported mp3 players out there.  ", "i bought this for myself. i have an archos 6 gig mp3 player that needs to be fixed it stopped charging after awhile, well  i decided on a whim i wanted another mp3 player. so i looked at a few online at walmart's site. i was all set to get the 4 gig archos one, but i decided that i wanted a radio in it also. i loved the look of the philips one.  well i ended up going the next day to get it. (that was this past thursday) it is now sunday and i love this thing. i have decided that in a few months when i can save up i am going to save up for the  30 gig version. i listen to alot of music, and have alot of it on my computer. if you do have this mp3 player don't use the earbuds that come with it they sound like crap. i bought a pair of sony ones awhile back that i just adore that i use with this player.  i haven't really had any problems with this player so far. i like the touch scrolling and the touch controls but as previously stated they do take some getting used to. i just use a light touch to get where i want to go.  i do really love having the option to listen to the radio, after years of using my other mp3 player i was just so out of touch with the radio since whenever i went anywhere i'd use my mp3 player. now i can at least have the option to turn the radio on and have my presets at my finger tips. and i do love the little recording feature i havent really used that yet but i am sure if i have something important enough to remember i will. i also really love equalizer and the different presets i have kept it on the srs wow setting but i think i will have to customize it :), i like that you get a custom option. most of my music isn't in wma format so i have just over 1500 songs on it at the moment, and since i have over 3000 songs on my computer i have to rotate my music quite a bit but i have to say that syncing with the windows media player doesn't take all that long. i am so glad that this player is so much smaller and lighter than my archos that thing was just a pain to lug around but since it's been a few years it makes sense that they've gotten so much smaller lighter and more portable.  i would recommend this player to anyone with a moderate music collection, who doesn't have as many songs as i do (but then when i can i am upgrading to the 30 gig gogear lol).  great player for the price, if u are looking for multitasking in your devices this is a good one don't go for an overpriced over-rated ipod, the gogear can also store data files for transfering to other computers another thing i was looking for in my mp3 player.   ", "nice mp3 player, gets the job done. the fm tuner is a definite plus. the user navigation is ok. there is an upper right click-wheel is for scrolling and another button on the side to select a menu option, and the buttons on the front for song/radio navigation. call me spoiled but i've gotten use to the consolidated buttons and menu navigation of my ipod. i'm more comfortable navigating this with two hands, but that doesn't bother me.  the size is small; it fits in the palm of my hand. i actually like how this player looks. the main reason i got this was because it is flash-based and i can work out with it without worrying about jostling parts. and also because it's expandable. i use it with a 1gb sd card. that's a big plus.  drawbacks are ones that have already been mentioned by other readers, e.g. doesn't have an auto-resume reader, but i don't listen to audiobooks so that's not a big issue for me. one minor annoyance is how the songs are automatically sorted by song name ascending. i know i can rename the songs with a number in the track title like others have mentioned, but that requires more work than i'd like. also, i haven't figured out how to create a playlist, or if that can even be done. it allows the user to choose from album, artist, songs, and some other options, so i don't think there's a way to make a mix of various songs. if anyone has figured it out, please post it.  uploading songs is simply enough. connect the usb cable from player to pc and create folders and just drag and drops songs with windows explorer. you can also copy songs off the player back to pc, which is nice.  battery life is fine with me. i used up the batteries that shipped with this in about a day i think and shortly after got nimh rechargeable aaas. if you use this with an external sd card, it's going to consume more battery power...  headphones are ok; i've never been a fan on the in-ear design though.  the plastic case that came with the player drove me nuts the first week or so. it was skin-tight and i almost ripped the case the first few times trying to get the player out to change the batteries. but now it's loosened up and works fine. i'm withholding a star on this review for lack of belt clip on the case. this might sound minor, but i'm not a fan of the included arm band when working out and so i have to put it in my pocket or hold it. it's small but not ultracompact so a belt clip would have been nice. i haven't found another case that would fit this that includes a belt clip either. if sandisk offered one, i would purchase it.  and something i found out when i first got it...you need to leave about 4mb of space from the sandisk 512mb that's included on the player for its software to work. (and note to sandisk: you have a spelling error on the error message that comes up if there isn't enough space).  let's see what else...i took the plastic port and sd card covers off, those aren't going to stay on, but no biggie. it also comes with a stopwatch function in the software. i like the sound effect and equalizer features of the software, and that it can also play wma files. and i don't know if i am the only one experiencing this but sometimes when i listen to the radio, the volume level seems to drop about two levels on its own. it happens rarely though; not yet to the point where it's become an issue.  overall, i like this player. i looked at various models before deciding on this one because it had both an fm tuner and was expandable. compared to other players in its price range, the included features are great. i would purchase it again.  ", 'listen to the other reviews.  the proprietary sony format ia a pain and kills this for me.  i usually love sony stuff and the hardware may be good but the proprietary format conversion is too much for me.  i switched to a sandisk that works well for me.  ', 'i had great hopes for this product, and i read the reviews so i only have myself to blame, but this is not a very well built product. catchy see through display is hard to read. on/off is tough and not very intuitive. sound was good. radio was limited in its ability to "tune". if i had the chance, i wouldn\'t buy it again. sorry!  ', "so this 'rare' problem seems to be popping up yet again!  i was attracted to the price, 128 memory, and fm tuner of this little number.   i thought this was the coolest thing!  sound was terrific and very easy to operate.  no problem at all loading the software with xp.  i was in love with this little device and literally used it 2 times while running 45 minutes each time.  this unit now reboots itself and will not turn on no matter how many times i go through the troubleshooting part of the manual and reset the unit.  so...for 100 bucks, i got 1.5 hours out of this piece of crap.  also - something wacky is happening with my ipaq now too...outlook seems to store 'recordings' in the notes folder and then my ipaq freezes up while synching.  coincidence?  i think not!  ", "i'd give this latest ipod less than one star if i could.  i've had two in the last week and they've both been pieces of crap.  the first one worked fine for a few days before it just wouldn't turn on one day.  this was about three days into it.  thankfully target took it back with no hassles and gave me a replacement.  i figured i'd just gotten a dud.  i mean hey...it happens with even the best brands.  i got it home, loaded it with music and again it played fine for a day or two.  the first time i went to charge it after the initial charge before i ever played it, it froze.  i unplugged it from the charger and it was frozen on the select language screen with the lcd lit up, which won't go off until the battery dies i guess.  here's hoping target is as cool about taking this one back.  i defintely won't be getting one of the same kind.  maybe i'll pay a little more and get one up, or even better my money back.    i think it's because this is the first generation of the affordable color display.  apple defintely has some bugs to work out of this sucker.  my first ipod still plays great so i think it's just this particular model.  still, what a disapointment and a hassle.    ", 'this player is a huge piece of crap, i just got it today and the radio stopped working on the third use. the mp3 player works, for now!  dont buy this item, their customer support at coby isnt worth calling either.  !!! dont buy this item, if you do consider yourself warned!!!  ', 'i purchased this mp3 player back in 2006 and it worked faithfully for me for two years.  the good -the software is easy to use -the interface is not bad -the construction felt very sturdy -the music/picture quality was excellent  the bad -the touch pad was not as easy to use as the ipod wheel -the cases that could be bought for it blocked the pleasing lighting around the unit  so i had a silicon case for my unit because i am a clumsy person. i have dropped it many times over the two years and finally, last week, i dropped it one too many and it would no longer start up. i have since purchased a "zen" and am very satisfied with it so far.  ', "like other reviewers, i found this item frustrating.  the item would turn itself off, and then hardly turn itself on.  i thought that maybe something was the matter with the battery that it came with, but when i changed the battery, it wouldn't work at all!  after fiddling with it awhile, i found that the battery doesn't fit snugly in the battery compartment, so it comes loose and turns off.  i liked the price, and the fact that it was a good started player for my younger children, but it didn't even hold up under normal usage.  ", 'i bought this unit mainly for its voice recorder feature, very handy if i want to record myself dyuring music class. as other reviewers have already confirmed, the sound quality on playback is very good, and given that it it it has a mono built-in microphone, recorded sounds also sound good. also useful at the expense of greater thickness, is its use of aaa batteries.  the bad is the user interface. the buttons are divided above and below the screen, and depending on how you hold the device, the feature you want is accessed either from the top or from the bottom. not that accessing the feature is always intuitive, in the beginning i was forever having to re-read the manual to understand how to use it. the ipod this is not.   ', "this is a very good player, the only con is the shuffling through the songs to find something specific. you cant go by artist or album, just what ever order they are put in. don't really think of that as a con though when u compare it to the sound. the bass really comes out and the dynamics are great. it looks very cool, if a little big. i emphasize little because it still only about 3 ounces.  ", "i bought the ipod photo and i was extremely excited. i brought it home and installed the software and everything looked good to go. i had to change all of my wma audio files to mp3 to put on itunes and that was a horrible pain. i have over 500 albums and i had maybe 12 done after over 3 hours. anyway after just a bit the ipod started saying do not disconnect. this would not leave the screen. i tried turning it on and off, ejecting from comp, etc. i troubleshot for over 5 hours to no avail, i reinstalled it 5 times. no go. what a piece of crap. apple prides itself on the ipod but it is a bunch of conformist garbage and i would never wish my grief on anyone. i'm gonna buy an iriver. screw ipod. ifthat stupid u2 commercial doesn't turn you off i hope this review will do not buy one!!! (...)  ", "i purchased three of these as christmas presents. my eight-year old loved it...until she realized the lanyard clip didn't work (we then used a twist tie to hold the lanyard on), the key ring thing broke, and then the player stopped playing altogether! she did not abuse this in the least. we returned it for a refund. the other two are still working fine but don't get nearly as much use. i also recommend buying a rechargeable player, as this one eats batteries. we replaced my daughter's player with a zenv by creative, which i highly recommend.  ", 'horrible. it is the only word i can use describe every part of philips 9and im not talking about just the product either- the customer service is terrible) sure, it looks nice, and hey- it even works great, until about 6 months, then it will crash on you. and even worse, their customer service does not care about you, they dont even act like they do. i have gone so far as to complain to the bbb and my attorney general because this has happened twice within a span of slightly over a year- and they wont give me a refund and also claim that it is my fault. do not get a philips- otherwise you will have problem after problem with it.   ', "i just picked this up yesterday because my mini's 4gb just wasn't enough anymore. the new color screen is extremely sharp, just like looking at my lcd monitor. i love being able to watch my favorite music videos on it although itunes didn't have my favorite, stacy's mom. but i'm sure their video library will expand every tuesday just like their music. it's also a nice feature to be able to download tv shows from abc to watch at my convenience. but once again, the selection will need to improve on that one as well. i've only had it for one day and i bought a leather case with it but even the case made for it has already started to scratch the glossy black surface. so i'm disappointed with that. the operation of the clickwheel is slightly different than my ipod mini. when i'm scrolling through artists, songs, etc., it will scroll at normal speed and then jump maybe 4 times faster than normal so you're going from aerosmith to pink floyd and the next thing you know you're looking at zz top. on paper the feature probably sounded like a good idea but in reality it's just annoying and as far as i can tell, it's not an option that can be turned off. overall i'm still very happy with it and highly recommend it.    ", 'like  very  mach  the  product   for     had   voice  recorder  al    radio    very  mucho   also    for the  batery  is      work   more  time  other  product  today  on   the  market    realy   recomet  the   product  other  buy    is  realy  good  product    also    the  pray   in  amazon    ', 'it worked for a few days, then could not synchronize with computer, and ewentually went dead, luckly enough  i was able to send it back for refund.  ', 'without a doubt the best player out there. i was blown away by the build quality and attention to detail, iriver really put a lot of work into this. you will wish your cell phone/pda could even come close to this quality. took it out of the box, pluged it into usb port and opened explorer (just like a drive letter!), draged mp3s to it, done within 5 min of opening the box. no need to use windows medeia player. a really cool feature lets you record from the fm radio to. by the way the display resolution is 128 x 128 so you can optimize photos (not in the manual or web site). if you are deciding between ipod and the h10, there is no comparison other than gb, this unit makes the ipod look like a cheap kids toy.  ', 'cool device does what i want it to do,but could have  higher resolution  on the screen.great music player storage device.  ', 'well, let me start by saying that this is a very good product. but it is far from perfect. i have many complaints, often quite petty (after all, this is my first ipod), but for the $300 or so price tag i expect close to perfect...   quibbles:  1. you can\'t load pictures directly from the camera/memory card onto the ipod. or, rather, you can\'t view photos loaded directly. in order to view photos, they must be moved to your computer and loaded through the iphoto software. this is a major dissapointment for anyone travelling with their ipod and camera.   2. the (necessary) itunes software is not compatible with windows 98 or me. devastating to those of us with older computers full of mp3s.   3. the itunes software is constantly redirecting me to their store. very obnoxious.   4. i firmly believe that any product that costs me around a week\'s salary should come with all the necessary accessories. noticably absent: a carrying case (if you dont want it severely scratched), flash card reader, fire wire, decent headphones, etc. etc. all told, be ready to sink another hundred (or three...) on "fun add-ons".   5. could they not add some better games?? my cell phone has way better games than this. my ti-83 calculator (yeah, i was a bit of a nerd in high school) had better games than this. what a waste of a color screen...   complaints aside, the ipod still rocks. the sound quality and design are unsurpassed; the software and database style song sorting are strong - there are clear reasons why the ipod is becoming a cultural icon of the digital age. but, given the price and potential for improvement, i wish i\'d waited for a better version.   ', '1.  the headphones broke within one month at the gym. 2.  new software is not compatible with winxp sp2.  i thought it was just me but i did a search and many people have had problems with it.  not just the dmk but all the mpio products.  ', 'machspeed trio 1 gb mp3 player also a 1gb flashdrive i have no complaints it works great. i recommend it  ', "for a device with practically no moving parts, there is no excuse for it to freeze after a week of ownership, and barely an hour of use. if it would work, it could be just about my ideal mp3 setup. we'll see what happens if i am able to get it replaced...  ", "but the software sonic stage made this by far the worst mp3 player i have ever owned.  i suggest you try iaudio.  i've had 3 of them (sold one, gave the other one away, and kept one for myself).  easy to upload music, and no headaches like sonicstage.  with iaudio it took me minutes to upload music.  with sonicstage it took me 3 entire days (with the computer running) to upload the 4,000 songs.  pathetic.  ", 'really great mp3 player, and this mp3 player makes u look cool i dont know why :p  ', "i read a couple of reviews, i guess i didnt read enough, this is the worse mp3 player i have ever had, every other mp3player i had was drag and drop and thats it, sony's nw-e003(cap)....crappy a#% player, is so hard to add songs on, i've missed the gym twice trying to put songs on it, i've talked to customer service for 2 hours and they still couldnt help, buy a cheap coby mp3 player from meijers or something works better than this junk, nice features but the sonic program made sony lose a lot of money and made me lose a lot of time, instead of working out and gaining muscle, i'm getting fat in front of the computer trying to make this player work, bottom line......buy any mp3 player besides sony, if sony owns apple, id probably buy a microsoft zune, i dont think i want anything sony after this................buy it if u like wasting money!!!!!!  ", "i love the ipod. always have. at home, we have five, including this one: the 4gb ipod nano.  before you leap, realize two things: (1) this ipod is extremely fragile compared to other ipods, particularly the tough-as-nails ipod mini (a drop of a couple of feet onto a linoleum floor took out the screen); and (2) the black version gets scratched very easily, and shows scratches far more than any white ipod i've owned (after a day and before dropping the damn thing, it already looked awful from scratching -- and it was treated with kid gloves).  okay, if you can live with those caveats, and invest in a durable protector (we bought the arm-band holder, which does a lousy job of protecting the ipod nano)--none of which are out yet--then this new ipod is truly an amazing bit of technology. it's tiny (it feels even smaller than the photos suggest), has great sound quality (better, i think, than any other ipod i've owned), and the display is gorgeous (even though tiny).  for me, the mini (now defunct, but bargains still abound) is the better choice given its sturdiness. i'm not up for museum-relic care for my electronics, which would certainly help if you own one of these.  another beautiful, functional gizmo from apple. just know what you're getting. some websites claim the nano is sturdy. i can tell you, from first hand experience, it isn't. so, you be the judge. (sure, the thing still played, but replacing the screen will set you back at least $90, and, even on the web sites in question, the screen broke.)  (oh, and if you see someone taking shots at the itunes software, don't believe it. it's the best music software out there, and its integration with this--or any--ipod is a joy.)   ", 'any other mp3 player beside\'s apple\'s ipod line costs less. also the battery life is short, but not a big deal. and to people who can\'t figure out itunes store and how to disconnect, you don\'t deserve to own this or a computer if you can\'t use it!!!! i figured it out in about a minute. to disconnect, go under my computer, select "e" or whatever your usb port\'s labeled, and eject.  ', 'what\'s going on creative labs?  is it a coincidence that i no longer can get any of your nomad zen xtras (worst name ever) at best buy and now the 60gb nomad xtra is "sold out" or more likely "discontinued" at the almighty amazon.com? hmmmmm....  ', "it is a great gadget to have for the summer. i love the size of it. i am glad i purchased it. i enjoy having it at my gradma's house this summer. she does not have to listen to loud music since i have my ipod.:)  ", 'i purchased this and it plays songs just fine. trying to figure out how to make playlists and albums and sort songs on this is totally confusing. it seems to have some unknown limit on the number of albums and playlists you can have and the number of songs you can have in an album. i keep creating them on the software, download to the player and the song is there but no album. the documentation does not mention anything about limits or sorting. if anyone can help, email me at tukesmtn at yahoo dot com   ', 'i bought this primarily to store pictures from my digital camera for a trip to europe.  it performed flawlessly, the battery lasted long enough to transfer photos each day for 7 days & it still was only 1 bar down.  i was able to create folders for each day of my trip in advance and transfer the photos from my camera into the right folder for each day.  as a bonus i loaded some mp3 files and listened to music on my flight.  after the trip was over i was able to show my entire family my photos on the tv screen, that was great. when i got home it was quick & easy to transfer all the photos, in the separate daily folders, onto my computer.  this was well worth the price.  ', "it's very handy and easy to use, the quality of the sound is awesome.  ", 'beauty is in the eye of the eye of the beholder so if you like the astethics and beautiful video screen technology, you will love this.  i have an ipod video 30 gig bought right before christmas 2005.    if you are like me and like simplicity, relatively bug free software (i can live with minor bugs and expect a few), and ease of use, then this is an overpriced duckling.  i have tried to get this to work on my windows xp and my windows 2000 operating systems with no luck.  the interface hangs indefinitely.  i have patience, having no children and not much else to do, so if it ever did decide to "unhang" i\'d be here ready to use the loading of media software.  but it doesn\'t wish to be compatible with any of my windows operating systems.   i am a stockholder of aapl and wish it to make me lots of money.  but i\'m more beholden to good technology than increased shareholder value and this, my dear reader, is a pos.  the screen of the ipod always seems to read "do not disconnect" no matter what i do.  it doesn\'t like to turn off.  i can\'t load anything easily.    if i were to design this, i\'d want a cableless interface where the usb connection pops out from the unit and plugs directly into the computer.  of course the software would work with all standard operating systems...duh.   i never got far enough to see if the file structure supported multiple sub directories.  if not, that would be very important to me.  it should function like a normal hard drive fur chrissakes.    anyway, i\'m going to wait for their customer service complaints to go down and to get an later version.  it\'s not the smartest thing to buy the first version of software or hardware kits.    not recommeded.  ', "i purchased this player and two days later it froze. i contacted amazon for another as a replacment, again this one froze. i bought this for a gift an wasnt happy at all. amazon did refund my money in a timley fashion. i just won't buy a remanufatured samsung audio player due to the poor quality.  ", 'the zune was on sale so i bought it rather than an ipod. big mistake!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000eplp3c/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/102-4797417-0130561">zune 30 gb digital media player (black)</a> the zune has serious sotware and licensing issues. i purchased music through the zune site and couldn\'t download it. tech support finally got the licensing issue to resolved after three tries, but in the meantime they had me reload all my sofware, web browser and media player taking shots in the dark to try to get the music to load. now my pc will not recognize the zune device and tech support couldn\'t fix it. the real problem was the licensing/royalty issue with zune marketplace and not my pc. on some songs it took reauthorizing the song three and four tims just to download. now tech support is scratching their...... heads trying to understand why they screwed up the device manager and cannot get it to update.  bad karma at microsoft....poorly designed product and big compatability issues with windows. really bad first level tech support and long waits to get to second level. don\'t buy it, it\'s a headache to deal with.  ', 'only a half an hour of &quot;near&quot; quality music makes this format seriously flawed. to change music you eventually have to upload new music, i.e. a huge inconveneince when a computer is available. mini disc is also  shock proof, recordable, near cd quality but in addition you can change  music with out the inconvenience of uploading music from a computer.  ', "in this day and age where it seems everyone has an ipod it feels good to have something noone else has, which is the m:robe 100.  coolness factor is definately there and i've gotten lots of attention from ironically ipod owners themselves.  the player itself works fine, just as well as any other player.  the sound can be a bit on the softer side but it's loud enough for when i want it to be loud.  the only weakness is again like people have mentioned, the software.  it's not very user-friendly.  however, it's something that hopefully you won't be doing often, like me, so you'll only have to deal with it once.  other than that, it's great.  remember to get better earbuds because the one's included are like the apple earbuds, which aren't very good.  ", 'does an excelent job and has a lot of versitility, but is heavy and slow to load the pictures each time you try to initially view them. (this pertains to the pictures that are already in a folder on the p-2000. i would have expected these to be faster to view then pictures being downloaded.) once you\'ve been through the "slide show" once, the images load quicker the second time. had no proplems uploading and downloading from my computer. no problems downloading directly from my camera\'s card. overall i am quite happy with my purchase. screen gives a very good image. very clear and crisp. worked great while we were traveling. i used it to unload my camera card so i didn\'t have to bring extra cards.  ', 'alrighty, so im going to review this, i guess. over-all, this is a great product- it holds enough music for my current tastes, the recording from a line-in feed is handy although it ocasionally forgets to seperate the cd tracks, and the volume control is phenomenal. the earphones it comes with are a bit on the poor side, but even so on the lowest volume setting, i can hear perfectly in a quiet room... the interface takes a little getting used to, or it did for me. you have to hold the "back" button to bring up an options menu; until you get used to it, you\'ll often skip back a screen, which gets annoying. the customization settings are great, allowing you to change the screen orientation, sleep timer, idle timer, make play lists, change them, etc., all of which may be standard, but i still think its neat. despite some small mishaps (dropping or accidently striking via a corner) it plays well, and still looks good. the lanyard it comes with is much better than most arm-bands, and is great for us poor folk (i bike an hour to work in the middle of the night) as it putsd the player somewhere it wont fall out or get hit. the software had me a little edgy at first, until i found some of it was merely redundant to prevent possible problems. mainly, the interface is confusingly complex, and the instruction manual only gave the most bare-bones advice, about the few things which should be obvious.  as a storage device, you have to disconnect the player before removing from the computer, which i found a problem (it wouldn\'t disconnect the first time), it can only be charged by attaching to a usb port, which was a temporary issue, and it wont play on macs, which my household switched to just days before i got it (which is my problem, and not the players), but other than that i found it to be at least addequate for my needs. i\'m not sure why you would want to store photos on a music device, but the sample images had extraordinary quality for the size of the screen. the screen itself is a marvel- bright, very clear, and so far without a scratch. the best part is, unlike most players ive seen, merely keeping it in my pocket or rubbing it lightly in the travel bag it comes with removes most grease. all in all, not the best player out there, but the best for it\'s price range- i refuse to pay $30 -$45 dollars more simply to have a different color case or a smaller playerr with less capacity.  ', "beware when considering this product!  although it prominently displays the usb compatability, it does not state on the exterior package that it is only window compatible.  when i found a friend foolish enough to be using window's software i got some music loaded into it.  it is a remarkable device, small, easy to use, good sound quality, and expandable.  however, after about 1 month of use the screen died and it is currently in route to rca for a repair/replace.  i complained to them that the word universal in usb should mean universal, i.e. both mac and windows compatible.  ", 'this is a great first time mp3 player. the price is well worth it considering other 20gb players cost far more. the music is easy to download and takes virtually no time at all. plus you it holds pictures.  make sure you have all the latest software and the players works like a charm.  there are quite a few snags but nothing too bad (it freezes up). the resest button clears it up with no loss to memory. plus my experince with their customer service was really pleasant. i called them with a problem and had an answer and my problem fixed in under 5 minutes. i thought it would be a more tedious process because of what i read from other reviewers but i had a great experience.  again i would recommend this to any first time mp3 owner or second or third time owner.  ', 'i purchased this player last month (but not from ...(this website)) and it works just fine, i am giving it a one star because it formats the smartmedia cards so they are no longer usable in other smartmedia devices, such as camera, card readers, etc.  some mp3 player mfg have developed a utility to format the cards back to the original state but d-link has not done this for their players and have no intention of doing so.  i just want to let you know this before you trash a smartmedia card like i did.  ', "researched, bought it, rockboxed it, love it.  great sound, battery life is consistently 14hours which is a lot more than i can say for the i-pods i've had.  ", 'the coby mp3 player i purcahsed worked fine at first, but it is very poorly constructed and the two halves are held together by 4 screw into very thin plastic ears which broke the first time it was dropped.  it still worked ok held together with tape, but now (3 mos.) the hdd is dead and therefore the whole thing is useless except as an fm radio (which does still work). certainly not a robust product - better to get a flash ram one at nearly the same price!  ', 'i have been skeptic about ipod until i decided to buy  this one, although the video is now available i went for  this photo model anf i find it useful to organize your music and take it every where you need it!  ', "this product is great because it interfaces easily with my computer; the large storage capacity is just what i need. this unit has a lot of features, but i especially like the recorder and the usb flash drive option. the recorder is handy for recording quick notes on the fly, and the recorder function works very well. the player uses a separate cable to interface with computer, and that works out very well for people, like me, who have rear mounted usb ports on their computers. the sound quality is great and makes it sound like i'm at a concert. the ear buds are too large to stay in my ears, so i use other headphones instead. this is an excellent product and i highly recommend it to all. :)  ", 'cowon\'s iaudio x5 is heir to the iriver player - a high-end, get-out-and-push type of player for people who are fussy about their music, and who don\'t mind managing it closely. the sound is excellent, and this is the main selling point. many players are referred to as "portable stereos". this machine truly is. where the sound on the ipod is extremely good, the iaudio has a clarity and a lively presence that sets it apart. the iaudio boasts some sophisticated audio enhancement technology, but to be honest, the plain sound is so good that you really won\'t need to fiddle with it at all. with good headphones you can hear the cough of the violin bow, or pick out each of the instruments in the brass section. it\'s worth ripping your music at a higher bit rate to enjoy the improvement, or to use uncompressed flac instead of mp3 or ogg. luckily, there\'s a 60 gb drive for your large, high-quality music files to sit on.   the controls are easy enough to manage, though it does take a little while to get used to them. all the content is organized in a file structure, just like the folders on a computer. when connected to a computer the x5 shows up as an extra drive, so you can copy back and forth easily. you can transfer any type of file you like using the file manager, and if you don\'t mind using an expensive player as a storage device, you can carry your work files back and forth as well.  for music, the user interface is also file-based, and the x5 does not keep an internal database like the ipod or the iriver. it will read id3 tags to tell you what\'s in the file, though it also appears to ignore unicode tags. this means that you\'re confined to albums (or folders), and possibly to file names. so, if you want to follow a particular thread or a particular genre, this means extra work. the best way to listen in a non-album-based way is to compile playlists, either creating them on a computer with programs such as winamp, or through mastering the somewhat quirky dynamic playlists. (the dynamic playlist function doesn\'t recurse correctly, so you have to add one album at a time.)   in terms of amenities, cowon provides a set of software tools you can use to rip and transfer content, though you\'ll probably have your own favorites, which you can continue to use. unlike the ipod, you\'re not constrained in your choice of software. the most useful cowon utility would be the video converter.  the device itself is attractive, light and sturdy. the external connections are handled by a proprietary (and easy-to-lose) detachable connector block. you might want to order an extra and put it away, in case these things ever turn out to be hard to find. alternatively, cowon makes a dock, which is the most convenient way to set things up. it\'s inexpensive, though it\'s optional and has to be ordered separately.   the screen is small, but very colorful and pleasing, and you have a choice of what information appears during playback. my personal opinion is that movies belong on a big screen, so perhaps someone else will comment on the video capabilities. the demo looks convincing enough, but again, my interest in iaudio is ... well ... the audio.  i bought the x5 after many (happy) years of ipods, for no other reason than to see what else was out there. it\'s always good to try something new, and sometimes you\'re pleasantly surprised when you depart from the norm. the iaudio takes some getting used to, but overall, it\'s an impressive and enjoyable machine. i like the fact that it\'s different, and wow - it really does sound good!   ', 'as of this writing, no reviews are from someone who actually has one of the new ipods (10/19). that is about to change....  my 40gb ipod\'s hard disk had been deteriorating for a while, until it stopped working altogether. that happened to be the day before the ipod video announcement (last tuesday).   on to what you really want to know, and what you can\'t get from apple\'s website, or reviews regurgitating technical specifications:  1) can you actually enjoy watching video on a screen that small? what about the video quality?  in short, if you\'re holding the ipod as close to your face as you would hold an older ipod to really read what song is playing, the video quality is actually quite nice. the screen is noticeably bigger (the height is about the size of the old ipod width). if you\'re wondering how the quality comes out on an ipod screen (which is normally fairly pixelated), when you load a video it toggles into a mode much akin to when a computer plays a graphics intensive video game. it takes about 10 seconds for a feature-length film to load (i.e., between clicking play, and when it starts playing).  with regard to movies, the ipod doesn\'t support chapters. my guess is that people will eventually want movies distributed as folders, witch chapters being the individual files. this will allow chapter skipping. that said, once a movie loads, fast forwarding works very well.  i loaded a fairly graphics-intensive movie on there, at about the highest quality the ipod would allow. the actions scenes come out fine...about what you would expect for an mpge4.  2) what the heck does this thing actually look like in your hand?  it is about the size of older ipods. it is thinner (a lot thinner, if, like me you are upgrading from a non-photo gen4 40gb). the front is a flat screen, much like the ipod nano, but bigger. the clickwheel is a bit smaller than it was on older ipods, but bigger than that of a nano.   3) the screen  i have to say, the bigger screen is nice in and of itself. if you have longer track names (if you have live music, etc.) a lot more of the name will appear. this is a very nice subtlety since in oder to read a song title you don\'t need to wait......for....it....to.....scroll....  4) is it worth it?  jobs called this a regular ipod with "video capability." i\'d say the video capabilities are a little better than that gives it credit for. i don\'t yet have a composite adapter, so i can\'t see how this comes out on a tv...  with regard to exporting video to tv, there are the following options: tv out (on/off) video signal (ntsc/pal) widescreen (on/off)  if your ipod is breaking, or is pretty old, i\'d definitely upgrade. if you travel a lot or have downtime where you could hold the device pretty close to your face (train, airplane, etc.), i\'d definitely get it. if you don\'t have much time to enjoy the video capabilities, then it probably isn\'t worth it.  5) firewire  the tech specs didn\'t say anything about firewire, so i had been wondering whether it is supported. it actually is not supported at all. in fact, i tried connecting via my old firewire cable, and the ipod brought up a screen that said something like, "firewire is not supported. please use the supplied usb cable."  6) the "case"  i saw that a case was included on the apple website...basically the case, as you might suspect, is pretty bad. i got a 60gb model, and it barely squeezes into the case. that said, cases that support the new screen will likely be unavailable for 3 weeks or so (if what happened with the nano repeats itself), and so it is ncie to have something to prevent you from scratching your new screen (which is now more important because it plays video).  anyway, i hope this answers any questions you might have. i\'ve tried to stick to differences between this beauty and the ipod photo.  if you\'re still on the fence, let me say this...go for it. it is really quite nice.  ', "after comparing this model v. others, i chose the zen nano because: 1) great price 2) abundant features and comes with everything you need. 3) works with many subscription based music services.  i use yahoo music and its simple to drag and drop songs onto the player.  i use the player mainly during workouts and runs.  the nano is small and lite and has more than enough storage space (1 gb) for my purposes. the setup is non-existent.  just plug it to your computer and start swapping files. i recommend that you don't install creative's software unless necessary.  one, i don't think you'll ever need it.  secondly, it slowed down my laptop's startup.  i highly recommend the zen nano plus.  ", 'this is a good mp3 device, great sound, easy to use. the only thing that was disappointing about it was the fact that although the product is advertised above as having an fm receiver in fact it does not (apparently the creative zen nano plus has a fm receiver.)  ', "i purchased a rio carbon player; after an hour of use it went completely dead.  i faxed the proof of purchase twice within the warranty period  with the understanding that they would respond by phone within four hours.  that was several weeks ago, they never contacted me.  now my unit is out of warranty, doesn't turn on, and i can't get in touch with rio.  they have no customer service via email or phone.  very poor indeed.  ", "i love this player. the sound is fantastic and the convenience of having to use only one aaa battery is one of the main features that prompted me to purchase one.  however, i am dismayed by how fragile the battery cover tab is. even hough i was careful, the little notch on the tab keeping the cover in place wore out quickly and then the tab broke off. this all happened within 9 months. when i called creative lab's support center about this, they offered to sell me a new one. it would cost me $5 for the cover and $11 shipping to canada or $7 to my us address! that just seems quite steep to mail such a tiny piece of plastic. i'm not in the habit of throwing my money around like that and would rather invest the $12 - $16 towards a new mp3 player.  luckily, i always use the rubber cover so the battery cover stys in place. i would have given this player a perfect 5 stars if it wasn't for that infamous battery cover.  ", 'rio no longer supports this model and the sports case is cheap and breaks easily. once it breaks, you are out of luck because rio only carries replacement parts for their newest models. do yourself a favor and buy something dependable with good product support such as ipod, iriver, or creativelabs..leave rio alone.  ', 'i purchased this unit in late february and within a week it malfunctioned.  the unit turned on with the "locked" displayed eventhough the "hold" switch was in the off position.  i couldn\'t do anything with it other than turning the unit on and off.  when i called samsung tech support, it took them less than thirty seconds to diagnose the problem; they already knew about the defect.  my conversation with them gave me the impression there were many returns from the early releases of this unit.  the unit i purchased was manufactured in january 2005.  (for those considering purchasing this unit, note that there\'s no way to find out the manufacturing date until after you open the package.  the date stamp is on the back of the unit.)  i sent my defective player in for repair and received a refurbished one back.  i was dissappointed at paying so much for a new unit only to end up with a refurbished one.  the other reviewers were lucky to get a working player; i was not so lucky.  ', 'being an ex-ipod owner, this item definitely is better than the hype of apple products makes ipod\'s out to be. i am very pleased with my creative. i\'m amazed with how much more the user can do on the player itself, unlike the ipod where functions and settings were barely customizable from the player. love the radio and microphone features which ipod also lacks. i use these features quite a bit! i\'ve convinced several friends to buy this product because i\'ve been so pleased. and besides all these features, 8 gb is the perfect amount of space for most "normal" people... and can be purchased for the same price as an apple nano 4 gb, which i must say is too small anyway. this player fits right into my hand. the volume is also great in the headphones. if a friend is listening with me, i no longer (like w/my ipod) have to turn the volume all the way up and ruin my headphones to have lound enough music. works great in the car with my iriver fm transmitter. couldn\'t be happier with this item! thank you creative labs. way to go with this product.   ', 'ive had this mp3 play for about a year. in the begining it was ok for the price but since then the sound on it has been completely shot, the battery door has broken twice and gotten lost, and it can now be split in half. only suggested for short term use.  ', 'i love this thing.  its so lightweight and perfectly designed for running with, unlike most other mp3 players.  some tips for others to note with this device, and some for all such devices: although mp3 is the most widely used format, wma offers the same qualty for less space thus giving you more music.  also, and this is important to know for this device, the sandisk cards are the only ones guaranteed to work all the time with the nike players, the other brands have been found(by the sonicblue development team) to work only part of the time.  make sure you get a sandisk card so you dont end up getting burned and then taking it out on the good folks who made this wonderful device.  ', "i got this mp3 player for my birthday 6 months ago and it has broken twice.  the first time it broke the sound would go in and out because of the fact that the headphonejack was poorly connected.  i tried using other headphones with the same result.  i sent it back and got it back about 2 weeks later, but i had to pay for shipping.   then recently the sound was going in and out again, then one day when i pulled it out of my purse i saw that the top had fallen off because it had only been glued on and the on button fell off because of this.  my cousins on button on his also broke.  from what i've seen they don't put a lot of work into making quality products.  personally i would recommend a sandisk because they are pretty good.  ", 'okay, so i\'m  a complete newbie with mp3 players and apparently not smart enough to operate it. the instructions were inadequate for me, even after printing out all 17 pages and writing my own notes all over them as i attempted for several days to use the player to listen to an audio book i had downloaded from my public library. the worst part was trying to navigate to the forty-third minute of the second section of alan alda\'s book. the last straw was when i had to turn it off (yet again), after getting myself in a complete muddle, and on restarting, all i got was the blue word sandisk. no animated critter, no "building database" message, no access to menus, and not even able to turn it off with the power button. this happened while driving to work, and it stayed like this for 20 minutes, until a coworker showed me that i could jump-start it by sticking it into the usb drive of a computer. after it froze like that for the second day in a row i put it away and haven\'t tried to use it again in more than a month.   how do i get my money back? surely not from amazon...  ', "i had a sony bean for about 18 months until i dropped it and broke the volume/song selector toggle.  actually, that was the fourth or fifth time that i had dropped it, but the only time that did any damage.  i really wish that this device was still available, as it seems that sony discontinued it.  mine didn't have a ton of memory, but it was unbelievably easy to use.    i loved how easy it was to switch between songs, playlists, and repeat styles on the go, no need to even take it out of my pocket.  i have not found a single other mp3 player that lets me use it on the go without pulling it out and looking through things.  i hate the design of ipods and the newer sony players are nowhere near as easy to use on the go.    ", "it's a good item. i haven't tried any other mp3 players so i have no basis to compair.   it caught my eye with the color screen, which is really nice to have some graphics on your hip. the user interface is real easy to use. i have yet to read the manual and i have no reason to. the audio quality is nice. the little bud earphones give sufficiant sound quality. i like the image viewer. it could use a couple more cool features to utilize the color screen. more graphics or such. it has a screen saver function and it'd be nice to use a custom image. audio options are excellent. you can adjust just about anything.   it's small, light weight, very versitle and easy to use. it comes with a good ammount of accessories.  i have nothing really negative to say about this product. it's real good and i'm happy with it except i'd go for the 1 gig @ 200 instead of 512 @ 150.   cheers! ;d  ", "it's okay, but i didn't like having to record songs for playback. i really wanted to be mobile and still have the live radio.  ", "i originally bought this a year ago. the first one i had just quit working. they sent me a new one right away but it was refurbished and the memory was messed up. so i call their tech support and they charged me $19.95 for the call and couldnt even send me a new one or atleast tell me what's wrong. im sad to say that i was completely dissatisfied with this product and the company.<p>the prices are really coming down on these things so just pick up a cheap one with 64mb memory because trust me 32mb aint enough.  ", "this little gizmo is pretty great for the price. it's a little hard to access the files and repeat, play and what not, but all in all it's a great little mp3.  ", 'you must have a window that faces south in order to receive a signal. i live in an apartment that has windows only facing north and east and i can not get a signal and therefore this product is worthless to me. so check to make sure you have access to a south window or somewhere to mount the antenna to face south that also is not blocked by trees or tall structures.  good luck!   ', 'software a little confusing, but overall a good mp3 player.  my granddaughter is really enjoying it.  ', 'so this is my fifth hard drive mp3 player. i have been using this nice player for over a week now.   sound quality is very good with senn mx500 / shure e3c and so far i see no review complains about it.   transfer file is very simple with drag and drop.  usb host works great with my canon s2 camera.the latest firmware supports ptp camera and all new canon should have ptp but check before you buy it. if your camera is not a massive storage device and doesn\'t have ptp, a cheap card reader can solve the problem easily.   video playback is super. it can play high resolution video that means you will have less chance of re-encoding your existing videos. even if you are encoding the video for the first time higher resolution equal better tv out quality. you can transfer the video back to the computer or pda anytime for viewing and no worry about the quality.  the lcd is bright and sharp so watching movie on it is enjoyable.   battery life is ok and it\'s not that bad. in one day, i got 1 hr 30 min music (mp3 192kps)  + 3 hr 40 voice record  (32khz 3 separate files) +45 min video 800kps + 50 min music and my battery had one bar left. yesterday, i went to sleep with my archos on, i woke up in the morning after 6+ hours and wow it was still playing the videos (2x 45 minutes 500kps 320x240 divx.) the battery bar turned red though :)  btw, if you want to play the videos in the same folder automatically, you can set the "playmode" to "folder" and "repeat/shuffle" to "repeat"    great price with tons of features. you can\'t go wrong with this.  ', "it's awesome! i really really enjoy it. it is small, download is easy, setup is easy, sound quality is great and the fm is good.  the only (small) drawback is switching between the fm and mp3. the buttons are really small and makes it hard to switch between different functions.    ", "this is my first mp3 player.  when i was shopping around i was mainly concerned with getting the most battery life and storage space for my money.  i know there are other players in the same price range with better sound quality, but i was willing to sacrifice that for more songs.  (...)  it worked very well on my recent trip, and so far i've enjoyed the player.  it does have a short warranty, so i bought the store warranty, just in case.  ", 'i got this mp3 player about a year ago and i\'ve been somewhat satisfied with its performance, even though it as a very bad designed interface to load songs to the player, it is incredibly slow (usb 1.1) and i had to reinstall the firmware at least two times becuse of data corruption. i can live with that. the problem came last week when i got a flickering of death. the screen just flickers all the time. the player doesn\'t respond to any command, it is not recognized by the computer, no way to reinstall firmware... nothing. it just died, and of course is out of warranty. i called philips support (horrible by the way) and they said that they would repair the player only if it was under warranty. i explained to the guy that it was out of warranty but i was willing to pay for the repair. he said... "no, we only repair electronics that are under warranty. take the player to an electronic repair shop, they might be able to help". well, there are no electronic repair shops in this area with the knowledge to repair this thing, so basically i am stuck with a $150 (what i paid originally) paperweight. thank you philips!. i won\'t buy from you again!!.  ', 'i just recieved my zen vision for christmas and initially i was quite impressed.  the screen, although it has restricted viewing angles, is impecible.  the viewing angle wasn\'t as much of a problem for me as many people made it sound, it\'s actually quite easy to find a comfortable angle.  the sound quality is far better than an ipod, although i don\'t like the equalizers so i just shut them off.  the product is smaller than i imagined even though i knew the dimensions, which was quite a nice surprise.  my problems with the device lie more in the video playback.  even though it claims to support many formats you are very resticted, i have yet to find settings to encode divx or xvid so that playback on the device has properly synchronised audio and it only supports wmv up to 320x240 with a constant bitrate which still looks beautiful on hte devices screen but if desplayed on a tv is inadiquate. i have yet to experiment with mpg or mpg2.  the firmware is very buggy, i have experienced several "freezes" during video playback where the device simply stops responding and the battery has to be removed, if this happens the device then needs bout 2 hours to "rebuild" next time you turn it on.  creative claims this will be fixed in the next firmware update.    so overall i enjoy the product, it\'s fantastic as an audio player and does wonderful with wmv video playback, just watch out with your other formats as they have caused nothing but problems for me, and if you check the support boards at creative\'s site, tons of others.  ', "this thing rocks! i received it as a present and really love it. this is my first ipod of any kind, so here goes.  the good: 1) size & design - need i say more? it is very small and looks stunning. apple have done it again!  2) easy-to-use software - you use itunes to organize your files and import them to the player. it can also be automatically synchronized to add or delete files to your player as needed. 3) good sound quality - the quality from the earphones is wonderful. bass, mids, treble: all there!  the bad: 1) picture import - pictures can only be imported by folder, so if you want to put just one picture into the device, you have to create a separate folder for it and then import that. 2) scratches - nanos, especially the black ones, get scratched very easily. note this before you put it to use and perhaps purchase the necessary bag/film/other protector to keep it looking new. 3) battery replacements - i'm actually not sure about this, but this thing looks like it's solidly closed. will there be a way to change the internal battery when it expires? i don't know.  this is a super player! you will love it! buy it! :)  ", 'small, powerful and long battery life...perfect disk space.  i can workout for over 2 hours without ever worrying about dead batteries or running out of music selections.  buy this!  ', "my daughter was so happy to get this for her birthday!  it worked well and we downloaded numerous songs for her.  she used it a few times every week and carried it with her to keep her from getting bored in the car when i wanted to listen to my music.  the last time she used it she put it in her jacket pocket & zipped it up.  we really aren't sure why the lcd screen looked like we dropped it in water because it stayed dry.  it just stopped working. that's too bad, because it seemed like a nice product.  should've lasted longer than 4 months!  ", 'i ordered this i-pod, "in stock," a week ago and they are now telling me it won\'t arrive in time for christmas?!  3 weeks to ship something that\'s in stock! and that\'s with expedited shipping! (though i\'ll bet if i had chosen 1 or 2 day shipping... what a racket! they want more shipping $!)  plus, i can\'t cancel or change the shipping on the order now!  sorry, but i don\'t have an extra $150 sitting around to re-buy this gift elsewhere and return the one i ordered here later (and how long would that take to get my money back?)  how do i explain why santa didn\'t bring what my child wanted? (or brings it a week late?!)  thourougly disgusted with amazon. i used to get "in stock" items within a week if not a few days.  ', "the device itself is very nice and packs interesting features,. the accompanying instructions and software, i bet that the peoples who developped it were working out of their backyard. it's simply worth a shiiitttt.  ", 'i\'ve owned creative zen and ipods, but nothing can touch this thing. if you have nice home or car stereo equipment, this is the player to have.  first, it plays cd quality (flac) lossless files, so instead of compressing your music to the sorry mp3 format at an average of 192 kbps you can listen to music as it was intended to at 1411 kbps.  many will say there is no difference, but plug this thing into your home receiver or car stereo and you can definitely hear it.  second, (and very important to me), you can bypass the itunes or any other memory resident programs designed to "help" load your music into your player - just plug the cowon into your computer\'s usb port and it becomes an additional drive.  you can then drag and drop your files - it\'s that simple.  it is well build, with a solid feel to it.  it has a line-in recording jack wich can come in handy.  it can play videos, also. the screen is small for watching a movie on it (approx 1 7/8"), but i do not watch movies on this or any other player\'s screen.  even 3" is too small! at a time when nobody owns anything smaller than a 40" hd flatscreen why in the world would you want to watch a movie on that little thing?? anyway, for me personally simplicity and superior sound quality are what i look for in such a gadget.  now, i do not use my home system cd player any more: i plug this thing into my receiver and have access to my collection in high definition music cd quality.  i get in my car, same thing. no more cd\'s to lose, scratch, destroy or forget where i put them.  they are all archived on both my computer\'s drive and the cowon\'s. it\'s sad to see this, but we\'re all flocking to buy products like ipod and zune which do nothing but impose more and more restrictions upon us: buy (or should i say, rent) music only from their sites, use only their sorry proprietary formats, force us to use their proprietary itunes and such programs, which invade, crash and slow down your computer and so forth.  not to mention zune, which will not even play window media files!!!.  in conclusion, this product is definitely worth looking at.  it gives you the freedom and flexibility to do a lot of things with your music.    ', 'i too can relate to all of the reviewers who can not get sound.  slim devices drops my wireless signal about every three minutes.  it is very rare that it will play a whole song.  i have tried a linksys g router, a us robotics router, and now a d link router.  i am not using other wireless resource while it is playing besides my latop.  all of my other wireless devices show "excellent" signal strength while this thing can not seem to locate a network.  customer support said it was my router\'s power settings.  i am on my third router from three different manufactures and i think it is the sqeezebox.  i would recommend passing on this product as i am sitting here playing mp3s on my laptop speakers looking at my squeexebox screen stating its usual "problem, can\'t find a wireless network" message.  ', "i have one of these. it worked fine for a few months, but then the on/off button started having problems. sometimes i just can't turn it off. i will think twice before i buy an apple product next time.  ", 'despite all the reviews out there warning about file transferring and sony mp3 players i decided to get this b/c it was the most banf for the buck.  the mp3 player and software are actually both pretty easy to use.  you just basically load the songs onto the software and transfer the songs onto the player.  simple as that.  the software can convert the songs from mp3 format into atrac3-plus format when you are transferring songs, so that way the player can hold more songs.  i\'ve uploaded a little over 500 songs onto my player at 64-kbps and the quality isnt noticeably different from my other mp3s.  another good thing is that navigation is pretty easy on the mp3 player.  you basically organize your songs into "groups" and you name your groups, e.g. rock, sum 41, r&b, etc., and you can just browse to the group you want.  and you can shuffle/repeat the group you want or all the songs in the mp3 player.  you can also browse song-by-song, which doesnt take too long, the navigation goes pretty quickly when you hold down the buttons.  the battery life is also very good.  you can use the thing on one aaa for more than 40 hours.  the mp3 player also resumes the music you were playing immediately when turned on. so overall a great mp3 player, but for the following:  it takes a long time to organize and transfer songs onto the player, took me an entire day to do that.  plus, although the group navigation kind of is adequate, i wish this player supported regular playlists.  i guess thats the drawback with flash mp3 players.  if you dont travel alot and can put up with charging, i would definitely suggest shelling out a few extra bucks for a mini harddrive player.  but this is a extremely good player for those taking trips where charging isnt covenient.  another negative aspect as that the player is kind of flimsy.  looks ok, but it doesnt seem to be extremely sturdy.  the player is extremely light, even with the battery installed, so goes good in your pocket or whereever.  i also own a larger 20gb harddrive mp3 player and i like this so much better.  it\'s lighter, and battery life is awesome, and just seems to be more hassle free.  further, with the larger, i felt i was carrying around a ton of songs i never listened to, while with this, its always playing my favorite songs (sum 41 rules, btw).  well, over all a terrific player.  well worth its price.    ', 'wireless remotes for your ipod have been around for a while. recently, a new generation of remotes has started to appear on the scene. these remotes have displays to show you what you are playing on the ipod. the ijet two-way is one of these remotes.  the ijet two-way is available in black and white, and it is compatible with any ipod with a 30-pin dock connector. it requires one aaa battery for the remote control.  the system consists of the remote and the receiver. the remote is a little box that measures a little less than 1 1/2"x2 1/2", and it is about 3/4" thick. it also has a small (about 1/2") antenna on the top, the ipod control buttons, and a 2 line lcd display. the receiver, which attaches to the dock connector of the ipod, is the width of a full sized 5th generation ipod, less than an inch long, and as thick as an 80gb ipod.   unlike other remotes with a display that i have seen, this remote does not require a dock connector/base. you can leave the house and go anywhere with the ijet two-way connected to the ipod.   as with other ijet remotes i have reviewed, the basic remote features of the two-way are great. you have play, pause, volume up and down, skip, and scan. holding the play button will even power down the ipod. the range of the remote is fantastic, and the box states you can go up to 150ft away. i had no problems having the remote work from the third floor of my house to the basement.   the receiver has some improvements over older ijet remotes. like the other ijet receivers, this has a dock connector at the bottom so you can charge your ipod with the remote connected, or even sync it. in addition to that, you can now change the volume of speakers connected through the dock connector by using the remote . new on this receiver is a headphone jack. this is great for nano users, and it also improves the sound quality over listening through the standard headphone jack. if you use the standard jack, some of the remote controls will not work.  the lcd display is what makes this ijet remote different from the other ijet line. the display is made up of two lines, and has a blue backlight. the backlight makes the display easy to see and read.     using the display, and corresponding buttons, you can scan your ipod for artists, songs by an artist, and your playlists. you choose which list you want to see buy clicking a button on the side of the remote.      you cannot scan specific albums. for this i would suggest making album specific playlists.   the only issue i had with searching my ipod is that the remote picks up audiobooks and podcasts (video podcasts, too). however, these are not categorized, they are just lumped together in the list of artists. so, once again, specific playlists would be suggested for sorting these out. video playlists are also detected. if it is in a playlist, it will be listed.  in order for the remote to display the playlists and artist list you have to load them onto the remote. this is where the two-way falters, and the directions that come with the remote are no help. in fact, they confused me even more.  the first time you use the two-way you choose if you want to load playlists or your artists off the ipod. when i did this for the first time, i chose playlists. by choosing playlists the artists and tracks not in those playlists were not loaded onto the remote. trying to load the entire artist list using the same procedure did not work.   i tried every troubleshooting reset, and i still could not load the rest of my artists.   finally, i found directions for using the remote on a second ipod. this button combination allowed me to load all my artists and playlists at once. i was now able to search through the lists of artists through the remote and choose who i wanted to play.  i then ran into another problem. if you add tracks to itunes or change your playlists, how do you update the remote? there is no mention of this in the directions. the only method i found to work was using the button combination i found for using the remote on a second ipod.   i finally thought i had figured things out. however, i discovered that the remote did not always load properly and some tracks by random artists were not listed. i reloaded the remote, and it seemed to correct itself.  once loaded the remote does work great. i have an in-line jack in my car for my ipod, but it is under the armrest console. with the two-way i can choose a playlist or artist off my ipod without having to get the ipod out of the console. it is also great for those who play the ipod through a house/office wide speaker system. you can control the ipod from another room of the house or office.   unfortunately, the issues with loading the remote, the bad directions, and a high price of about $130 (i have seen it at various internet stores for under $100) makes this a hard product to recommend. if you have the money to spend, consider yourself good with gadgets, and you have a lot of patience you might want to give this a try. for everyone else i would suggest the one of the other ijet remotes, which are great.  hopefully, abt will continue to work on what has the potential for an amazing ipod remote.  mymac.com rating: 2.5 out of 5  pros: remote controls for controlling the ipod work great great range no need for a dock connector/base remote displays what you are playing and lets you choose what you want to play without having to use the ipod  cons: the directions a lacking important information for loading the remote loading the remote is confusing (partly because of the directions) and some tracks might be missing you cannot scan for specific albums the price is on the expensive side  ', 'after reading the reviews on amazon.com and being an older guy who is used to discman technology i said what the heck ill try it this device is extremelly user friendly the quality is outstanding, of course its not surround sound but i put my cds in my computer and downloaded all 75 songs in 8 minutes to this great device. for those that like to work out sony even offers a armband wich will hold it for 19 dollars .the device  is about 3 inches long but what can i say its a sony product  the sound is great and it is extremelly simple to operate if your considering one of these devices go for it you will not be disappointed now i got to figure out who to give my clunky discman away. buy it and you also will have great fun   ', 'this is a great item only bad parts are that it expensive and i like ones that are not like a stick. the sound is good. i lost mine it was outside in the rain for weeks. the computer still read the memory from my computer but it woudnt turn on. overall its great buy it  ', "while i enjoy the increased memory for more music and the recognition of more file types, i miss the old buttons i had on my 512. buttons simply offer more tactile feedback than the membrane areas (i guess that's what they're called) on my newer m250. sometimes these membrane areas don't respond and the a-b function i bought this unit for?; fugget about it! it's very difficult to isolate small segments of music with the new membranes. this is very important for me to learn a piece of music by ear. if i had known about these drawbacks prior to buying this 'new and improved' model i never would have bought it.  ", "this is my second iaudio x5 product. i upgraded my old 30gb model for this 60gb. i have to say i really love it. it has almost everyting that you could ask for from an mp3 player. my main reason in leaning towards this product was the lack of necessity for a special software, and that comuters can read and write to x5 like a regular external hard drive. this, plus the folder/subfolder/file system -which is a much better cataloguing method than mp3 tags- makes finding and navigating tthrough your collection much easier. especially if you primarily listen to classical music it is a big help, since you may have a folder system such as : classical/beethoven/string quartets/late quartets/op 132/the lindays/xxx.mp3  the sound is very good indeed, i  do not like to use any enhancers such as eq's or the jet effects still you hear a robust natural sound. my only complaint is the earphones that come with the x5 which are shaped weird, the ear piece is too large and the right earphone keeps falling off your ear both due to the weird shape and the curiously miscalculated cord.     ", 'it is beautiful mp3 player.  looks special and different from a typical ipod.   tons of memory; smaller than 20 gb ipod.  easy controls, colorful display, cool usb host feature. con: bad battery life.    great price!    ', "hi this is my first mp3 player. i decided on this unit because it allows you to record from any source via the line in jack. i bypassed using my pc and filled the t30 with classic rock from my cd collection. true i was not able to fit as many tracks on my player ( files not compressed) i am still very happy with it. i was able to get 53 tracks including some 9 and 10 minute cuts. i bought the sennheiser px 100 headphones (also 5 stars) and man i can't stop listening! the only regret is not getting the 1gb t30 but hey that is what my wish list is for! get it you will not regret it. ps the unit require windows xp and wmp 10    ", "i bought this thing all the way from us and vpost to send it all the way to me in malaysia and found out that it doesn't work. it is really frustrating. now i have to send to out local service centre to repair.  ", 'love it!!! love the features!!! an excellent substitute for a video ipod for a much cheaper price!!!  ', "i have had an i-pod shuffle and this is so much better!!!  you pay less for it and you get a voice recorder and fm tuner.  i also like the drag and drop ease of moving files to this player.  i-tunes is okay but i work on many different computers and i don't like having to install i-tunes all of the time.  don't forget that this doubles as a flash drive too!  if you like a lot of bells and whistles as far as buttons go, do not buy this product.  there is one button that turns the player on/off, plays/pause.  then there is a volume up button and volume down.  the only other thing is a scroll wheel that navigates through songs and the menu.  this is a very tiny player!  also, do be careful with the battery cover.  it is small and can break.  i haven't had a problem but i have been careful with it.  all in all i love it!  ", 'i basicly agree with the previous review but mine had major problem static noise whenever i tried to record from my dvd shame picture looked good to bad sound did not match i sent mine back. be aware  ', "i've owned several mp3 players previously including 60gb ipod. i was disappointed in all of them. most of them died shortly after the warranty expired, maybe they were made to be like that, i do not know. iaudio x5 is far better than any portable players ive had in the past. 1. it's very very very sturdy. once you hold it in your hands, you'll know right away. 2. it plays most audio files nicely. i have v0 mp3s in mine mostly but i did fill it up with some flac's as well. i use mine while i am driving, and i play my music loud. and thats when flac's show their true potentials and i appreciate this iaudio greatly. 3. it is very very very easy to use. just plug it into your computer, copy files or folders and put them in the iaudio folder. no need for some crappy softwares. 4. it displays lots of information on the screen. its something that is not totally necessary but it sure pleases my eyes. 5. the playing time is great. i do lots of navigation with mine, going back and forth from mp3s to flac's to ogg vorbis to so on, and it usually stays on for good 15 hours. my only negative comment is on the head/earphones plug-in jack. i wish it was on top of the player, not on the left side. but its all good, i cant have everything my way. ive recommended it to several friends of mine who were victims of crappy ipods. 4 of them purchased this since, and theyre all happy with it. oh one more negative comment: dont know if its just me but the picture view quality is quite bad. i dont need it for pictures anyway so not a big  concern for me =)    ", 'wish it had more volume power ... still it is an excellent gadget ... the sound quality is duvine ...  ', "this mp3 player gave me aids. that is why i don't enjoy using it very too much.  ", "i purchased many items with rebates last christmas. digging through my records it looks as though this is the only one that didn't come. i bought it and mailed the items out correctly, and on time.  today reading the small print and wondering why i didn't get my money, i discovered it says you have to wait 10 weeks to get your rebate, but if you don't receive it, you must contact them no later then 120 days after the promotion ends. so you have to wait 70 days, then somehow remember that you were not sent the rebate, but before 120 days is up, you have to remind them that you still want it. otherwise you forfeit your rebate. what a scam this is. shame on you machspeed technologies. all for a stupid $10 rebate. very underhanded company.  now to just post this review for every item they sell.    ", "i have a zen xtra 30g player.  it frequently needed to be reset, which is annoying.  i have owned it just over a year now (just!  bought it just before christmas for my son, who chose to pass on the gift in favor of an ipod) so it's out of warranty.  although it worked ok, windows media player 11 said i needed to update the zen software.  using creative's instructions and downloads, the player ceased to work; the computer sees it, but zen's firmware program does not.  it cost me several hours of struggling with their web pages and downloads, and i finally gave in and paid $13 for them to tell me that apparently the card went bad, just as i was updating (of course, it was not their fault, nor caused by the software, just a coincidence, he said)  they'll fix it for $95-135, or the rep suggested that i just buy a new one.  i will.  it won't be a creative player--the rep estimated 1-2 years of lifespan.  if you decide to buy one, i suggest that you pony up the forty bucks they charge (on a new one)to guarantee their product at least two years.  update:  i again contacted creative, and they identified media player 11 as the cause.  they provided complete instructions to roll it back to player 10, and to reinstall the firmware.  my zen is working again, and is back to being full of my favorite music.  i must commend their tech support for not just leaving me to swing in the wind.  you can feel my frustration in my original posting, but my opinion of creative improved considerably, thanks to the extra effort of the tech and the tech's supervisor.  i would change my review to three stars, but it won't let me.  ", "tight case and terrible headphones aside, for 81.00 dollars, i was pleased with the product. using a different pair of headphone i thought the sound quality was good.  i stretched out the case alittle and have no problems there.i generally use mp3 that are 160 or higher so i was pleased with the sound.  a firmware upgrade would make it a better player. i have contacted sandisk about the upgrade. hope they are listening. great for playing audible books on tape (you can use the highest quality file format). transferring all files was quick and easy. i'm using a 512 mg card that i already owned and can fit tons of songs. the sd cards can be found for low prices if you shop around. all in all for the price i am very pleased with the player.   ", 'bought for my children at christmas. both were able to work the player with no help from me on downloading or settings. (kids are 11 & 14) sound was impressive with clear highs and good bass. i enjoy the rechargable battery so now my remotes for other devices dont get robbed for their batteries!!! everything i wanted at an affordable price what more could you ask for?  ', "to start off, this is overall a very good product, but there are a few setbacks that need to be considered before buying. here are some pros and cons:    pros: -simple to use. like most products made by apple, the ipods interface is very user friendly with the simple click wheel for navigation. uploading music and synchronizing photos is also very easy to do with the itunes software. working with video is another story (explained in cons).  -size. while the 60gb model is not quite on the small end, it does pack lots of features for its size. apple was able to fit 60gb worth of space into an ipod, which is actually smaller than the original ipod. not bad.  -clear video playback (if you can get it to work)  -battery life. the 60gb model comes with a bigger battery than the 30gb, giving it very good battery life. for playing music, i can leave it running all day and still be at half charge. for watching videos, i can manage to get all the way through lord of the rings before the battery dies.    cons: -screen. the screen on the ipod sucks. it is so bad that if you rub your finger along the screen, it will put in scratches. on a normal ipod, this wouldn't be bad, but if you want to watch videos, scratches on the screen distort the image. if you are going to buy this you need a hard case that completely covers the screen, or one of the sticky screen protectors.  -video playback. in that area, apple has tried very hard to limit you. the problem is that the videos need to be in mpeg4 format with a size of 320x240. you can buy nicely formatted shows off itunes music store for a price, but that would add up fast. you can put your own videos on, but since itunes is not a video converter, you need a 3rd party program. the only one i found that works is videora ipod converter, but even this takes an expert to convert it the right way. if you are good with computers and have a lot of patience, then you can get most any movie on (even dvd movies). however, most people who buy this ipod never manage to get movies to work. keep that in mind if the video feature is one of the main reasons you are looking at this item in the first place.    overall, however, this is a very nice product. i have enjoyed many hours of use and continue to enjoy it. the cons it has need to be taken into consideration, and so do the other options out there for portable video players. these include the creative zen vision, the archos av500 mobile dvr, the sony psp and others. look into all of this before buying the ipod.    ", "i bought this unit to save photos while i'm traveling and i can't bring my laptop. i shoot many many pictures when i travel and then when i get home i go through them keeping only the few best ones. since i shoot large files, 12 megs, i fill up my memory cards very quickly. with this unit i can quickly download my cards and get back to shooting. the display is fantastic. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that even though they have made it very easy to download memory cards into the unit, if you want to transfer files from your computer to the viewer it is a bit more complicated. but, if you read the manual closely it does work. there are cheaper ways to save your files on the road, but none that has a display as large, crisp and clear as this one. i highly recommend the epson p-2000.  ", "i've had this little mp3 player for over a year now, bought one for my wife, and my brother loved it (bought one too). it's about the size of a lighter, light weight, and comes with a clip that actually works well. you got to spend a little bit of time to figure out the controls, especially if you're just trying to figure it out on your own, you might not notice the shuffle control. a tiny little button on the back side of the player.   battery time is awesome, there's just nothing else to that.  the moisture thing is true... i just started to notice it about a month ago. a small part of the screen is starting to have a little cloudy spot on it.  but after over a year of using it on my runs and workouts, and all of my travels, i cannot complain.   i had bought a zune which was huge, then an ipod (not as big, but still bothered me on my runs). then i realized that i don't need my whole music library with me at all times, so one gig is perfect for me.  if you purchase a good set of headsets... this player will deliver a good sound, great battery time, and plenty of music (you can use the atrac formatting from sony).    ", 'this mp3 player is really great for using at the gym or any sporting activity.  -first of all it was smaller than i thoght -the little joystick feel is wierd but you get used to it -the player looks robust and like it can take some abuse -the eq function is fine, rock is my favorite -you can change the color of the lcd orange,blue,purple -it has an fm radio and you can record radio -amazing battery life, and you dont have to rely on an internal battery, it uses an aa battery for 50 hours of play, and after 2 years you wont have to worry about the internal battery life ending. -it has a great clip and arm band to use it were you want it  and besides all of the above it messures your heart rate  great player  ', 'emergency do not buy this piece of junk freeze all time complicate intructions this is the worth mp3 i ever and ever bougth ......................please do not buy  ', "i loved the player when i bought it may.  two weeks later it failed to power on and iriver gave me an rma immediately.  they have confirmed that i will be receiving a new clix2, but there service center is backed up.  eight weeks later they still haven't sent me a new one and can't tell me when i will receive one.  i thought the player was pretty cool in may, but the new nano matches most of the features and you will feel much more comfortable with a warranty from an established us entity.  buy a nano!  ps the flash menus are pretty cool (especially when you can make your own)  ", 'i wanted an mp3 player for working out and running.  i am one of those guys who reads everything they can about something before buying one.  what i read about mp3 players was a bit worrisome:  countless reports that mp3 players break or have minor problems.  so i picked up a memorex biomorph (i liked the size and features) along with an extended warranty beyond the 3 month product warranty, and sure enough, with light use, the product died with lots of strange nonsense on the lcd screen after 4 months.  (i "reset" the device per technical support troubleshooting, but it didn\'t help.)  i went through the hassle of returning it and getting reimbursed, minus the 40 dollar extended warranty cost.  and i set out to read all the reviews i could before buying another mp3 player.  i read the most positive reviews and least complaints with the creative muvo series.  my requirements:  driverless flash drive [i use it to transfer files between my laptop and desktop, and i want the convenience of being able to plug it into any of my friends\' computers, mac or pc, and share files/music], arm band for working out, fm radio, small and light [so a aaa battery model, not aa], and 1 year warranty (this is no longer negotiable).  microphone recording a plus, but not a requirement.   the muvo series fit the bill.  i wanted a flash memory player, not a small harddrive, because for me it\'s mainly a workout device, not a home for all my music.  i came close to buying the muvo slim, because i loved the idea of a lithium ion battery charging by usb, and i think it looks very cool, but the leather cover has no place for a belt clip, and it lacks an arm band entirely, and so i went for the muvo n200 ("micro").  so far the unit has really impressed me.  the memorex came with a bulky, cheap nylon arm strap that was the size of a belt, and even on its smallest setting, was huge.  the muvo micro, by contrast, has an excellent arm strap, suitable for a variety of sizes, made from a nice smoky-grey slightly stretchy material.  it has a well-sewn extra place to secure the muvo, too, which they could have skipped, since you could attach the muvo anywhere, so it is a nice touch.  the memorex used a very cheap thin faux-leather case for the biomorph, while the muvo really surprised me by having a case that is not merely a cover to prevent scratches, but is a thick frost-white rubber sleeve that the muvo slips into.  it\'s pretty cool:  clearly if you drop it, and it lands on one of the three corners protected by the sleeve, it will be well protected (it might even bounce).  in addition, unlike a vinyl cover, this leaves all of the buttons easily accessible:  i.e. it\'s not like a ski mask with holes for the buttons (this was a pain on the memorex, as the vinyl kept slipping over the buttons).  the buttons are well laid out, too.  even after four months, i always had to think for a second or two to remember which buttons were for what on the memorex.  the muvo makes more sense.  for example, the volume up and down buttons are by themselves (not next to other buttons), and they border the lcd screen.  the volume up botton is on the side where the bar increases with the volume, and the volume down button is on the side where the bar begins:  so it\'s easy to make second nature.  the play/pause button is also by itself somewhere else, so you don\'t accidentally hit that.  overall, a very good layout.  the lcd screen is small, but it\'s sharp, and you can adjust the brightness, contrast, etc.  as others have said, there is an audible buzz on the headphones while the backlight is on, but that lasts about two seconds, and it doesn\'t bother me.  the menus make a lot of sense.  one very nice feature is the ability to make the screen appear upside/down.  this way you can choose how you want to wear the player while working out, and then if the screen appears upside down, just flip it.  it\'s those little things that i was happy creative thought of.  another thing:  i was quite surprised that the memorex didn\'t get very loud.  i usually had the volume on maximum.  the muvo, by contrast, is much louder, so i can have control of the volume back, keeping it around 2/3rds, and then adjusting depending on mood, surrounding noise, etc.  the earbuds which came with the memorex were painful and were garbage, but the creative earbuds are actually pretty good. i did have problems keeping the right earbud in my ear while running, so i\'ll probably go back to my pair of padded over-the-ear headphones which i prefer. but i was still pleased with the quality of the creative earbuds:  e.g. they don\'t hurt.    the usb 2.0 cable that comes with the muvo is a small-standard usb cable, which means that it\'s the same cable my digital camera uses, as well as many other devices.  this means you can replace it at any store should you lose it and, more practically, it means i can just share the cable i use for the digital camera, thus cutting down on clutter.  i haven\'t tried some of the advanced features, such as on-the-fly recording of any analog source through the input cable.  when i do, i\'ll revise the review.  one final recommendation:  i do recommend you consider the size of an mp3 player before buying one for working out.  i saw a picture of a sandisk i was considering, and it looked small, but when i saw it in person, it was huge compared to the micro.  ', 'i got a "hands-on" look at these at my local apple store.  i think this is the best ipod yet.  it\'s even smaller than i thought, yet feels very sturdy.  an advatage over other ipods is that it uses flash memory instead of a hard drive and still has a screen.  flash memory is more durable - no moving parts, perfect for exercise.  there are some downsides.  the battery will eventually wear out, forcing you to replace the entire ipod unit.  storage capacity is not expandable - bad if you find you want more space. it doesn\'t come with many accesories - you\'ll have to buy them separately.  overall, this is one of the best portable audio players available.  i guess quality comes with a price, but there is a way to get the 4gb ipod nano in your choice of color for free! [...] this is not a scam - it\'s a legitimate offer from gratis internet, who\'ve received much media attention after giving away millions in products like ipods and psps, just to name a few.  this company\'s offers have been verified on cnn headline news, wired news, bbc news, tech tv, nbc news, etc.  i frankly thought this was too good to be true, until i saw all the proof that\'s out there!  whether you choose to purchase it or get it for free, i highly recommend the ipod nano!  ', "happy with the service but the product has been giving us problems. it has problems finding the computer and doesn't work half the time.  ", "to start the fm receiver is weak and the tramsmitter is even worse. i can have the player next to the antenna and it still gets over powered by local stations. i never got any downloads from napster and didn't care for about all of the songs that came preloaded. i had to send it back to samsung because i had problems tranfering music files. it won't do some tranfers unless your logged on to napster. there was no mention that you needed to be logged on to transfer music. when i got it back i still had trouble tranfering files. one of the worst purchases i have made. the only good thing is that samsung has good tech support and customer service personel.  ", 'alright, it\'s the 21st century now. it\'s getting to the point where portable cd players are nice...but are so 20th century. i decided i needed a less-bulky and nicer portable audio device. searching around best buy, i came across this. let me tell you, the ipod is probably the most overrated portable electronics device ever.  okay, first off by reading the 1-star or 2-star amazon.com reviews, many of them are either unfair or haven\'t given it a chance/didn\'t read directions.  okay, i\'ve heard a lot about napster software. for starters, which is a dissappointment, if you don\'t have windows xp, go back to the search engine, because it\'s only compatable with xp. macs don\'t count. maybe, not guarrantee this, but maybe it will work on windows me. not 100% sure, but all stores have a money-back guarantee...right? also, it\'s not just compatable with napster. just because it says napster on the box and player, does that mean only napster? no. it\'s also compatable with windows media player 10, and i\'ve also heard some people got it to work well with realplayer. napster isn\'t the only software compatable with this player.  for features, it has way more features than the standard, or even photo ipod. first off, yes, it has a built-in digital camera. the pictures aren\'t crystal clear, but i have a digital camera to do this for me. the pictures are fair to good, but don\'t get this just for the camera.  what you should get this for is for the wondeful mp3 player/organizer, radio, and mp3 recorder (both line-out and microphone). first off, the menus and organizing is unbelieveable. the menu has a few options, then those options have options, and so on. example, if you click music, you have artist, album, genre, song. then, one you get into the organizer, if you click on a song, it will show up in "now playing". it would be better if it had a button to go back to the main menu, but it\'s only a minor problem. the fm tuner was better than expected and actually better than most portable radios out there. the microphone was also a great feature, and recorded voice very clearly. there is also a line-out to hook up the player to a set of speakers. if you need a car adapter, a lot of electronics stores sell cassette adapters for only about $10. the line-out also lets you record to another audio device. (example: you can connect the tv to the mp3 player and the player will record the tv.)  the mp3 player holds around 5,000 songs on the mp3 format at around 192 kb/s. personally, i use 128, so i have about a hundred extra. it depends on how much quality you want out of your tunes. if you want so-so sounding, you\'ll get more than 5,000, and if you want high quality, it will likely be less. and, it also supports wma files, so then you\'ll have far more than 5,000 songs.  the sound quality is excellent. the player features presets for the equalizer, similar to the one in wmp, without the distortation. it also features a 3d equalizer, which many companys (samsung, panasonic, rca) have been doing with their audio products as well. the mp3 player will power most, and about all headphones.  the lcd is in fact proven to be colored, and it is very sharp. it is 1.8 inches, which is equivalent or bigger to the size of an ipod screen. some players like the rio karma have gigantic screens; though, the look is very unappealing. the player also allows you to view your own photos, or the album art. or, you can look at the headphones, which to me gets hilarious after a few looks.  the biggest dissappointment is battery life. ten ohurs may seem long, but in reality, not really. most mp3 players have around 15-20 hours of battery. though, this isn\'t much of a gripe for the non-travelers.  also, the usb 2.0 was nice of samsung; giving us the best cable link from the mp3 player to the computer.  overall, unless you don\'t have windows xp, and aren\'t a serious traveler, the yh925gs kicks the ipod in the trash. well, you would throw away an ipod, right?  ', 'i purchased this item to listen to fm radio or music while running.  the wire for the ear buds are incredibly short, and so i clipped the unit to the collar of my tee shirt.  sweat got on the case and the thing quit working within 30 minutes.  this seemed like a fluke, since the device seems to be made for working out, so i returned it to sony.  at first sony refused to repair or replace the unit, and wanted to refund the purchase price.  i refused and they shipped another unit, which quit working in a similarly short period of time under similar circumstances.  at this point i gave up.  visiting my local radio shack later for another reason, i found that an fm radio with a two gig mp3 player (the nwe 505 has 512m) was available for about $40, cheaper than the nwe 505, without waiting for delivery.  works great, without the hassle of the sony mp3 software.  ', "i've been using it on a daily basis for more than 1 year already and it's really great. absolutely no glitches so far (i've dropped it on the floor several times), great battery life !  ", "i got this little player several months ago and was a little worried about a few of the reviews i read here.  while its true it eats batteries like crazy and doesn't hold as much music as stated, it still holds quite a bit! and the convienience of having so much music easily at hand in such a small package (for me anyway) makes up for the batteries i have to keep around.  the sound is really good for the price, and i didn't have any problems figuring out how it worked or in reading the player's screen.  all in all it is definately well worth the price.  ", "i bought one of the (relatively) newest mp3 players on the market several years ago. it was a jukebox studio 20 from archos. i wrote to them as i was experiencing some problems with charging the batteries and told them i used an apple computer. they gave me a return authorization, i shipped it in, they charged me a fee for the fix, shipped it back. i wrote back saying i couldn't get the unit to work with an apple and they simply replied that apple's os wasn't supported. i wrote back saying that i had specifically told them i used a mac but never got a reply again... maybe i should have reported them with the better business bureau. you can save yourself a headache (and being robbed) by simply not buying any archos products.  ", "like a few other people here, i'm having the auto-lobotomization problem big time. i had to do the hard reformat every other day or so, and it's presently not working at all.<p>oddly enough, i got a 64 meg model as a gift after buying the 128 meg model. the 128 meg model worked fine when plugged into the 64 meg battery pack. then they both stopped working at all. <p>i think creative is very close to having a winner here. using the thing when it works is a dream -- no goofy programs to load the device (which always seem to break or refuse to see the target). the fact that some people love it while others hate it make me suspect that they've got a really nasty qc problem in the assembly line.  ", 'my husband got this for me for my birthday and i have used it non-stop ever since.  it crashed several times, no one knows why, and i took it to the local apple store and they replaced it for free. great product and great price  ', 'bought this for the wife at christmas, loaded up around 1k songs quick enough, but some songs would suddenly just not play, eventually you wouldnt be able to play any and i would have to "recover" the drive (i.e. wipe it and re-sync the music). this happens like every week now.  have emailed to iriver 3 times now over 10 day period. no reply. they provide no telephone number that i can find.  going to try and return it to amazon now, at least they give good customer service.  it may well be that i just have a bad drive, but iriver dont seem to care about it.  ', "i used the iriver clix 4gb or about a year. i really enjoyed this product. with that said, the product had a major shortcoming despite its other nice features (nice features include it's size, weight, accessories list, clarity of screen color, easy ui and navigation) and that was its dependency on the urge music subscription service and windows media player. recently, urge support was discontinued and the device was migrated to use rhapsody as its music subscription service. rhapsody seems to be an adequate service, however, the device was not compatible with rhapsody. although customers were notified, there were backwards compatibility impacts with this change and this was not made clear in customer notices. apparently, urge uses a different authorization system than rhapsody and ubscription service change was not backwards compatible. the cut over from urge to rhapsody was a mandatory cut over; customers were not given the option of staying with urge and as rhapsody music subscription for a variety of reasons was not backwards or cross-compatible (different authorization model and lack of metadata information provided to rhapsody during the migration - this information is based on information provided by rhapsody customer support) the player no longer synced properly. when i called real (owners of rhapsody) customer support to see what the problem was, they explained that my player was not compatible with the new service and that i had to either buy a new player or go with a different music subscription service. i decided, based on their recommendation, to try using a subscription service alternative from real (the same company that owns rhapsody) but this was not really a subscription service at all but a 'buy it and sync it' service similar to itunes but without all the additional features and a 10 song cap limitation built in.   i am giving iriver 1 star because i cannot give them zero stars. they did an extremely poor job in handling their migration from urge to real and left me with a player that, for my purposes, is useless. negative points:  * migration without backwards compatibility between the old system and the new one negatively impacting some customers (like me). zero feature parity between the new system and the old one on higher order of magnitude features like syncing made my player useless. there was no backup plan for customers that did not necessarily want to switch to rhapsody or shell out for a new player. migration should be seamless. minimally, top features should be preserved and there should not be such a huge dataloss issue. * never told me i'd need to buy a new player so it wasn't clear until the player simply refused to sync or play tracks * crappy follow through and poor customer service on the issue, no real attempt to customer compensate whatsoever * poor attention to customer satisfaction and effectively arrogantly results in unexpected and unwanted costs   i don't know that i will ever buy from iriver again due to their lack of respect for the customer as reflected in how they handled this situation. i am currently using an ipod + itunes. truthfully, i preferred the iriver when it worked but now it is just an expensive paperweight sitting around my house gathering dust and i won't let their inability to manage their product delivery to customers force me into paying them another $150+ for another player that i wouldnt' need to buy in the 1st place if they'd cared a bit more about their customers.    ", "if anyone has the piece between the main device and the headphone jack that they can send me that would be great.  i could revive the player otherwise it's dead...  ", 'this is a beautiful product. but, if you\'re like me and have next to no computer savvy, be wary: itunes 7 can be excruciatingly slow. i put in a cd more than a day ago to import to itunes, and it is still not done. i have no idea what to do.  the ipod, which i named lulu, was plugged into my computer for the first time yesterday, and ever since has been sporting the "do not disconnect" screen.  i have found no support phone numbers to call. if/when i figure out how to use this very pretty piece of technology, i may update my review. but as of now, i am hundreds of dollars poorer and have nothing to show for but red-faced frustration.  ', "easy to use.  tiny.  light.  fine sound.  lots of features.  excellent sw included.  plugs right in to usb (no cable to lose).  built-in fm radio.  runs on 1 aaa battery.  long battery life.  great price.  what's not to love?        ", 'i bought it about 2 mounth ago and l?ked ?t very much ?ts sound qual?ty very good but th?nk ?t comes from my bose tr?pod headphones :)  ', "the sony walkman looks nice and has alot of nice features but the software that you are forced to use to convert mp3's to atrac is very fustrating.  i sent the following to sony:  i have recently received a sony walkman nw-e003.  i liked everything about it except for the fact that i am forced into a license agreement to use software that i do not want to install on my pc and the fact i can not play mp3's but have to convert then using lame software.  what were you thinking!?  furthermore it is very frustrating to use this software and arrange my music files.  it should be drag and drop! that simple. you took a great product and totally foobared it by forcing people to convert their mp3's.   time is money and you have already cost me more money than what your product is worth so i am returning it to get a real mp3 player.  by the way, what good is to have the ability to hold so many music files when managing them is a complete nightmare?  ", "my unit lasted about four days.  it performed very well until it shut down last night.  now it refuses to boot... maybe the screen is dead.  either way, it's a lemon.  after checking out reviews at other sights, this problem is not so uncommon.  i'm returning my unit today for a refund.  ", 'if you use windows music media 10 you might have problems with the program i.d. the device. sansa web faq shows only window music media 11. there are differences between these programs that are not addressed. also, sandisk customer help is really lacking.  ', "when i first got this product, it was wonderful.  clear sound quality, convenient arm band for running and lifting, and easy transfer from windows media player.<p>however, i didn't have it but a couple of months before it flatlined.  just stopped playing one day while i was out running.  tried to resuscitate it with a new battery (it eats plenty of those), but that didn't work either.  even xp can no longer find it.  it's dead.<p>my advice--avoid this product and get something more reliable!  i would recommend another product, but i myself am shopping for something new.  ", "disregard the review below.  this unit turned into a piece of garbage just after i wrote this and it is now sitting in a landfill.  thank you govideo and rave-mp for being a horrible company!  i bought this on ebay for $160 after shipping.  my wife and i have used this mainly while working out at the gym and it would be great for people who are active and want to bring their music with them.  the sound quality isn't the best, especially with the ear-bud headphones provided, but you can mess with the equalizer so that if you get it just right, the sound is pretty good on better headphones.  the mp3 player works fine with xp and windows media player 9 or later, but the one beef i have is that it takes forever to update the library if you add or edit files on the player.  rave-mp doesn't support windows playlist features yet, but they emailed me and said that a firmware update in january would add the playlist option.  it's january 24th and i still haven't seen the firmware update, so they have a week until i start bugging them again.  this player takes absolutely forever to power up.  you hit the power button and then watch the rave mp screen for probably 15+ seconds.  it's really annoying in you're in a hurry.    i haven't needed to use the voice recorder so i haven't yet but i'm sure if i were an investigative reporter i would love it.  or if i liked to record voice memos for myself i guess.  the fm tuner is nice to have but if you want to record from the radio, the bitrate is really low so it'd only be good if you wanted to hear the name of a song or if you got lucky and won something from the radio station and wanted to record the joyous moment.  other than recording the fm tuner is great for just listening to the radio.  battery life could be better but what can you do, it's an integrated battery i guess.  battery life is around the low side of the projected life or about 8hrs i'd say.  i do wonder though how much a replacement battery would cost in a unit like this when it decides to stop charging in a few years or who-know-how-long.  all-in-all, i've enjoyed having this mp3 player.  if you have to have the best sound available, i would pass on this unit, otherwise it's pretty good and you can find it for super cheap usually on ebay.  i've seen them for as low as $130 there.  holy cheap mp3 player batman!  ", 'this player has been working fine for me.  i only use it for about 1 hour, m-f, on the way home from work.  i had to buy new headphones because the ones that came with it hurt my ears, otherwise, no complaints.    ', "i bought a nomad jukebox zen xtra 60gb player in december 2003. the headphone jack immediately failed within the 1st month, even though i took extra care in handling this unit, always had it in its protective case, and never dropped it. i received a replacement unit from creative and wouldn't you know it, the headphone jack once again failed. thanks for the previous review from &quot;seleniumdream&quot;. i will be doing my own maintenance on the headphone jack since it is now out of warranty. bummer that i didn't stumble across these reviews on this unit earlier. now i only wonder if the hard drive is going to fail like so many other reviewers have experienced. the only good thing that could come from buying this unit is that hopefully it malfunctions within the 90 day warranty. if you want a good mp3 player buy any other unit except this one.  ", 'just bought my p-2000 yes, i\'ll be using it to transfer cards while on the road. i shoot 2000 frames a week doing destination weddings.   i also wanted to use it to watch movies; i fly alot. anyway... i read many reviews saying it was very difficult to create a file it would accept. this was true until now. if you own this unit and want to watch your favorite film simply get video vault pvp edition. google "video vault" and you\'ll find it.  working with the program is super easy, video quality is fantastic. i now travel with no fewer than a dozen movies. too cool.  ', "the iriver series has some great advantages for music. it offers gapless playback, avoiding two-second pauses when listening to a complete album (which can ruin continguous transitions on albums such as pink floyd's dark side of the moon). and many reviews suggest it offers higher fidelity for complex sound.  one downside: this is one of the only players not supported (at least explicitly) by audible.com, favored as having the largest library of downloadable audiobooks/ebooks. there are some ways around that, such as third-party software that requires being a bit more tech savvy than you might be. but if audiobooks are your thing, an alternative (such as the creative zen line, or the industry-leading ipod) may be preferable.  ", "this mp3 player uses a aaa battery. this is a terrible design decision. it severely curtails play life (by 1/3 to 1/2 compared to a aa) while the batteries themselves are not significantly cheaper than aa's.  i have also had a hard time finding rechargeable aaa's compared to aa's.  and while it sounds trivial, it is not minor that aaa batteries disappear much more easily that aa batteries at almost 3x the size.  i bought 4 rechargeables shortly after getting this.  a month later, 2 have disappeared.  did i mention aaa batteries are not notably cheaper than aa's?&#60;br /&#62;dont buy this.  ", '<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000mx6l26/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/103-2267842-7747008">palm lifedrive mobile manager (refurbished)</a>  the device i received would not take a charge.  i returned it, and my money was promptly refunded.  ', 'i\'ve had this mp3 player for almost 2 years now and it is still going strong. it has worked-out with me and kept me company a lot.  the battery life is good (1 aaa battery lasts long enough for me not to feel like i\'m being ripped-off paying for batteries). if you compress the mp3 files (on option provided on this player), then it can hold a couple hundred songs.   the sound is great, and the set-up and process of adding new music is easy.   the only problem is that the player has "frozen" 2 or 3 times on me in the past 2 years. to unfreeze it requires that you go to the creative website and reinstall the software. it\'s slightly annoying, but since the problem is fixable without spending any extra money and because it only takes small amount of time, i won\'t complain.   ', 'i\'ve owned two previous rio\'s that i really liked and were adopted by my kids.  i upgraded to the carbon.  it worked great for one month then required that i format the hard drive every time i wanted to add/delete music.  by month two the "permanent" long life battery was dead.  i followed the exact instructions on rio\'s website for warranty assistance--three times and was completely ignored.  ', "i love this little tiny mp3 player. i really have no complaints about it. the software is easy to install and user friendly. the mp3 player itself is so small and lightweight yet easy to operate, even while running. it never skips either. i loaded music on it right away when i got it and was amazed at how easy it was to convert my music files to their sony software and then the transfer was a snap. the sound is great and i am using basic headphones from a previous sony product. possibly could be better with better headsets, but who knows, the sound is plenty for your ears. i highly recommend this one. for the price you can't beat it!   ", 'hardware awesome, software a flop. since you have to use their software the package is destroyed. i will give you the final nail on the coffin for me. i tried to put podcasts on the device using the latest sonicstage 4. no chance. it wants to be able to find each "artist" in the sony library. this was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library.  i had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now. shame as the hardware was a1.  ', "this unit is great for meeting storage needs,30gb. this player has huge, unacceptable flaws. the bad news starts with the lithium battery. the battery(fully charged) does not hold charge longer than 70 minutes at a volume setting of 19 or higher. what's worse, is that you cannot hear audible sounds under a volume setting of 16 through headphones. even at full volume of 25, it is difficult to hear sound in outside environments. one more thing_if you shutdown the player after a full charge, and leave unit alone for anytime longer than 48 hours:the unit will need to be manually reset. in closing, this mp3 player is definitely not worth the hassle. note:i bought two replacement batteries only to get the same disappointing results.  ", 'sound quality poor.  product was delivered late by a week.  ', "you are probably looking at this item and thinking the same thing i was thinking before i bought this: it's very cheap, doesn't look so bad, and what can possibly go wrong. boy was i wrong. after the first week, the garbage headphones that it came with stopped working. after a month, the sound kept on going on and off and stopped working the next week. it is also very hard to navigate around this thing. save yourself the time and money and buy yourself something like the sandisk sansa m230 which is a little more money, but probably worth it. now i'm stuck with a broken mp3 and i am going for the  m230. trust the reviews. the people that gave this a good review, probably rated this a day after they received their mp3 player. i should have trusted the reviews before buying this. don't get stuck with this like i did. i only rated this 2 stars, since it lasted 5 weeks.  ", "as a heavy gym user who has sweated several mp3 (and headphones) into the trash, i thought this was the answer. but after using it for several weeks, i hate the thing. my biggest gripes: 1) the sonic stage program seems not to be able to find and import the vast majority of .wma format files that i have never had a problem using on my other players. the program seems like a shill to force you to use sony's connect store. cheaper mp3 players allow you to drag and drop files direct to the player, i don't want another program just for this device. 2) the entire industrial design of the player depends on one small keyway on the back of the plastic case, which in my case was deformed after one week and would no longer hold the player in one position. without the keyway, you have a round player that is free to spin in the round holder which make this impossible to use without tying up both hands. 3) even when the keyway was working, the controls are not easy to use when you are working out. the armband positions the player so that the rear of the twist knob digs into your arm and makes it hard to navigate the controls with one hand while running. it is almost like no one actually tried to use this while running in the design phase. this is a case of a cool looking industrial design that does not serve the market it was meant for, avoid this player!   ", "this is a great little mp3 player especially if you want to be moving while using it. unfortunaley, there is a known problem with the player that sandisk has not been able to fix with new firmware. at random times the sound will emit a crackle and skip (remember what a scratch did to your lp playback?). sandisk customer support tried to help, but finally advised me to return the player if i was not satisfied. i used it for audible books. i've tried two of these and both had the problem. luckily amazon is most gracious with returns.   ", "i bought this mp3 player for jogging after my rio 300 (which i had for 3 years) quit working.  i was hoping that since this product was nike it would be somewhat durable and would be suitable for activities such as jogging.  unfortunately that was not the case as it isn't suitable for anything.  <p>the unit is poorly designed and the software is unreliable at best.  the belt clip is a joke.  it will not stay clipped for more than 5 minutes given that it doesn't really clip (the lower portion of the &quot;clip&quot; actually bends outward rather than inward to grasp your waistband, etc.).  the player also has a terrible time identifying expansion memory and the software is unstable.<p>sonic blue replaced my player once, but now it has stopped working again, so i have to decided to look for something else.  ", "i've had this player for a few months now and i have yet to experience most of the technical problems the other reviews speak of. overall, i have been satisfied with the quality and sound, but there are a few drawbacks. i agree with everyone else that the software is terrible. they would be better off including the trial version of musicmatch or something like it. i also have to replace the battery frequently. however, the player only takes one aa, so how long would you expect it to last? the only other complaint i have is the lack of a random function...whatever order the songs are loaded in is the order you have to listen to them in.<p>the simplicity and ease of use are a great benefit when working out. the armband alone makes this the ideal mp3 player for someone active. i spent two months looking for a mp3 player designed with running, biking, etc. in mind and this one is by far the best. hopefully, they will work out the kinks and come out with an even better player in the future.<p>update:  10/25/02 - the display on the remote has stopped functioning, even though i only use it about 25% of the time.  luckily i purchased the extended warranty because of the problems i had read about.  ", "the creative zen vision has great features. personally i think its a great product. i recommend fully. however there are a few things that may bug a few that did not bug me, here are some.  1)viewing angle isnt as terrible as people say, but it is true that you have to tilt very slightly to the right to make the color right. but this didnt bother me.  2)doesn't work under linux or mac. but it will once linux+mac support mtp. (microsoft transfer protocol).  3)it gets a bit choppy during playback of high resolution videos.  4)no album art.  5)its a big clunky. meaning that it is definetly not a one handed device. not as portable, but what do you expect its a 3.7 inch screen.  but the pros are obvious -high resolution screen -cf slot -30gb hdd (about 28gb actual size .) -sleek magnesium case  and come on guys, the screen issue isnt that bad!!! unless your reviewing movies for hours at the studio, in that case you would have a 40inch screen, not 3.7 .. its a portable player .. not a portable home theater.  hope my review was helpful!  ", "i have had one of these for 10 months and i love it! i use it often and it has never given me any problems! great sound and user friendly. my daughter has an ipod. although the zen nano i have is not as powerful, i still prefer it. if you don't want to shuck out the money for an ipod, don't buy one of the cheap mp3 players. i would highly reccommend the zen nano!  ", 'its a great product no doubt about it, but its too overpriced. at this day and age you can get atleast a 30 gb mp3 player for that price. also the headphones are nothing but aweful. please keep in mind that you will have to spend money for a good set of headphones when you buy this overpriced product.   ', "i bought this mp3 player as something cheap to use while skiing so i wouldn't have to use my expensive one and risk breaking it. i wouldn't recommend this product to anybody. 256mb is only about 50 songs, which you have to scroll through yourself. there is no menu to find certain songs you want to listen to. after a few weeks, mine started speaking giberish. if i went to the menu, it would look something like sj#$#@^%(jfs. the battery time is only a few hours, and the usb connection is something i've never seen before. if you lose the cable, as i did, somehow, then there's no way to use it again. i've been trying to look online for something similar to it but i just can't find one.  ", "i got one for my daughter about 10 months ago for photo storage while traveling.  it worked just great until 2 days before she had to fly to italy.  photo download is almost automatic if using a flash card reader and a mini-usb plug.  i ended up getting an archos 604 wifi for her trip ( a really neat unit but everything is extra- no built-in mini-usbs, no a/v jacks, no ac charger, but a trippy touchscreen and 30gb is a lot of room= about 1000 photos + 400 songs + 12 movies, and still less than 1/3 full), while sending the av500 in for warranty repair. the av500 had a squashed 100gb drive from a swollen thick battery- stay away from these batteries. only archos can replace the hard drives- has to do with hdd/firmware serial numbers.  i just got it back after 2 weeks and the drive was replaced with a 120gb drive, but the right button worked intermittently (i opened it up and cleaned the contacts on the circuit (film) board = now ok.  do not do this if you have any warranty left- send it in.  there are plenty of horror stories about warranty work quality, but they did right by me- this time!  video quality is perfect for me- great contrast, good resolution for my dvdfa3 480x272 vob-avi converted files.  audio playback/volume is outstanding (for me).  the one tiny speaker is a joke.i haven't tried any video camera recording, so can't say yea or nay. i like it!  it's a little bit thicker than the new archos stuff, but you get everything in one small box!  ", "had good luck in the past with creative labs.  love the software.  but had last zen v plus for 6 months and died on me.  had this one one month and screen got corrupted and eventually couldn't see at all.  very disappointed.   ", 'please  do  not  buy   any  zune  players  they  are  worst...  i  had  one  zune  8  gb  (red)    pros  =  pretty slim          good  screen  resolution  cons  =  very  short  battery  life  only  15  hours          bad  functions           worst  ear phones          very  high  price   my  suggestion  is  pls   do  not  buy   zune   u   will  loss   money .  ', "plastic casing looks so cheap, earphones looks generic, compared to ipods , quality is incomparable. sonic stage software, is hard to manage, worked fine with windows xp pro, but when updated the ver 3.0 that originally came with the player to ver 4.2 fialed to work had to go back to ver 3.0 and ver 3.0 doesn't  work on windows xp mediacenter.  sound is decent enough but max volume is not loud enough.   ", "i love this thing. i have only had it for a couple of weeks, but i love it. it sounds great, is easy to use & navigate, seems durable with some care, and is the perfect size for my purpose - i use it primarily when working out - i didn't buy it to replace my home a/v system or my car stereo. i bought it to be able to listen to my music easily and without disrupting others in selected situations. i would buy another, or at least another creative product. paid $64.00 on amazon with free shipping!  ", 'seriously better than the little ipods.  little small on the storage, but huge on features. motion of the ocean, man.  ', 'this player/recorder, which was purchased for my wife, works exactly as advertised.  my old player is starting to die, so i will probably buy another one of these units.  ', "i ordered the h10 and have now sent it back.  i have had problems similar to those many others listed.  the radio worked great and picked up even distant stations well.  the user interface and size are fantastic.  however, when i loaded music with wmp10, it would not work.  this includes mp3s and wmas ripped from my own cds as well as napster to go.  i uninstalled and reinstalled wmp10 and got the latest download from microsoft.  using this and usb 2.0 on both a falcon northwest pentium 4 3.06 mhz (xp home) and a sony vaio laptop (xp professional), i had the same problems with both computers and had to conclude that the device was not functional.  the names of the songs jumbled such that artist names were linked to songs of different artists.  the menu and directories were all goofed up.  many songs loaded but wouldn't play.  some would play a few times and then everything would jumble up.  tech support from iriver was virtually nonexistent.  i sent it back and ordered a zen micro today.  i'm hoping i'll have more success.  overall, the h10 is a very nice device conceptually but it might be better to wait for a later model with more stable technology if you want to order this player.  ", "buyer beware...this is a horrible company...check the bbb of miami site and you will see how many complaints this company has filed against it. they will not give any customer service not allow you to speak to a supervisor and most certainly tell you that even if your product is defective thet cannot refund. had to write to the bbb myself to get a refund on a laptop that had not worked from day 1 or after sending to the repair center 5 times, also they replaced laptop with a new system that did not work out of the box either. they finally agreed to refund my money after several letters to bbb they received product back over 2 weeks ago and still haven't receive my money back. deal with this shady company at your own risk.   ", "when i first got this player, i thought it was great, and  had more features than an ipod. then i realized the  player is extremely incosistent and frustrating. all the connections are cheap... more than half the time i would leave the player overnight plugged into an outlet to charge, and in the morning it would not be charged at all; after a couple of months the headphone jack had a poor connection so my sound went in and out, and the usb connection was also poor, so i constantly have to plug the player  in and out for my computer to recognize the player as connected so i can upload songs.  after the headphone connection went from bad to worse i mailed it to get fixed since it was under the one year warranty. i had to pay over $20 for shipping and insurance on it, and didnt have my player for about a month, when i got it back they had replaced my player with a refurbished one. well that one didnt work at all.  when i called them to talk about it, they said i am not under phone service warranty , and i would have to give them my credit card # and pay $10 in order to discuss the problem.  they blame the problem on my computer, saying all my 6 usb ports must not be working and that is why i can't upload songs to it. yet they  dont seem to understand that i dock my digital comaera to the usb ports, as well as my boyfriends ipod, and there is no problems with the usb connection. they just cant think that their product doesnt work. so now after spend $200 on this product i have no mp3 player, and it has been so frustrating that i prefer throwing it in the garbage i guess i should go get an ipod, because there is a reason why they are so popular.   ", 'wonderous creative inc fails to notify buyers of the creative zen touch 40gb that all files in your music library get copied to one single root directory on the player (read: no subdirectory functionality whatsoever). the only way to sort your new glorious one directory jukebox is by id3 tags. for those of us who have been using mp3s since the internet was born, we made a habit of deleting id3 tags because they were rarely uniform accross the cddb. sometimes they seemed like they were written by people who could only type with a rubber mallet in one hand and a basketball in the other. or they would classify bach under grunge.  lessons learned: id3 tags are as only as good as their authors, and any kind of naming/classifying standards for music have yet to be developed.  oh yea, and the touch pad pretty much eliminates any kind of in car usage.  ', "i must say -- i was a holdover and didn't own an ipod.  i wasn't big on the security rights limitations on ipod music -- which is kindof freaky.  recently though, i bought one as a christmas gift and of course part of the gift was organizing her music...wow...it was easy to upload music but loading 120cds took a while but itunes recognized most of the cds and labeled them for me.  all in all, the cds used up 10 gig or about 1/3 of her 30gig ipod.  in the process of doing this, i came to realize what i'd been missing ... organization.  ipod makes it tremendously simple to organize, sort, find all your music...so i got one too! only i got myself the 60gig option as mine had to be bigger (i am an avid photographer and plan to move pictures from my camera, and i'll also use it as a portable hard drive).  two things i noticed after i held both units, the 60 gig ipod is twice as thick as the 30gig -- something that the sites don't really tell.  so if you want shiek thin, get the 30gig and if you want cavernous storage get the 60gig...hehe i've always wanted to use the word cavernous in a sentence :-).  two, the battery lasts 16 hours on the 30gig and 20hours on the 60gig.  i also downloaded a podcast just to see how it would work...wow, the screen has some very high resolution and everything looks really sharp with very smooth playback.  david hasselhoff of knight rider looks a bit anachronistic against the shiek white of the ipod.  hats off to you dave, was a big fan of the show as a kid and now its the first video on my ipod. i should've downloaded galactica -- not a ton of choices out there for tv but i'm sure that will change soon.  i also played the podcast on the computer and its not as sharp although pretty good quality -- i definitely think they're made to be viewed in the ipod.  download from the site for a 45minute episode over broadband was slow about 2mins but download to the ipod from my computer was pretty fast 10-20 seconds -- not as speedy as music but then again its video.  ok but then i discovered podcasts...basically you go into itunes and you can subscribe to news shows, comedy shows, sports shows all for free!  there's a gazillion free newsvideos etc out there. example, i love meet the press -- i can watch it whenever i want.  if you love sports, there are tons of sports related podcasts etc.  its great!  i think this 5th generation is amazing.  if you own an older model...i think they're awesome and i'd upgrade. i have the white ipod and i'm enjoying the music that was buried in cds at the back of my tv armoir for years. i hear black looks cooler...but that it shows scratches easier (don't know).  so there you have it, hope it helps guys.  of note, i own a pair of shure headphones and i must say...whencombined with ipod, i can hear nuances to music that i didn't know where there!  amazing sound.   got both (and the shure) from amazon -- shipping was fast and everything looked great.   ", 'i\'ve been using this fine little music player for several weeks now on my imac g5. while i\'m sure the vast majority of people who purchase this product (and the below reviewers) will be using windows machines, i figured i\'d give a heads up to those who might like to know how it runs as a replacement to the ipod on a machine with osx.  using it with itunes:  i initially had pretty serious conversion issues with my gmini and itunes. by default, itunes converts music files into aac format, which the gmini doesn\'t support. i had to convert my 500 or so songs into mp3 format, which took about a half hour or so and set my cd burning preferences to mp3. since then, i haven\'t had any problems, but itunes-purchased music cannot be converted. luckily, i haven\'t been privy to purchasing much music on itunes. almost all of my music has been from my own cds or through downloads at allofmp3.com (which is compatible with the gmini). if most of your music came from purchases on itunes, this device probably isn\'t for you.  archos has an itunes plug-in that allows itunes to read the gmini, but it\'s not as advantageous as you might think. an icon for the player appears in the "source" bar on the left of itunes and you can click and drag songs into it. but it won\'t tell you if you\'ve already installed the song on the gmini (so you could get the song twice) and it doesn\'t put the songs into the music folder on the gmini. of course, ipods automatically update in itunes, which has its plusses and minuses.  an easier way to transfer songs to your gmini is to just go into your itunes folder via finder and drag the artist folders onto the gmini\'s music folder. this not only makes your gmini\'s folder nicely organized, but it also looks identical to your itunes folder, making it easy to compare what music you have on the two sources.  id3 tags on itunes (song titles, genres, album titles, etc.) appear just fine on the gmini. i haven\'t quite figured out how to get album art to show up on it, though. i don\'t imagine it will be too difficult.  free podcasts (almost all are free) are fully compatible with the gmini, provided they\'re in mp3 format (most already are). i didn\'t want them getting mixed up with my music, so i created a new folder on the gmini titled "podcasts" and dragged the files there.  general stuff:  --uploading photos onto the gmini really separates it from the ipod. photos show up beautifully on the gmini\'s screen, and you can still zoom in on them. one complaint is that i can\'t view them while listening to music, though. my camera was also incompatible with the gmini at first, but after updating the gmini on archos\' web site for free (took about three minutes), it works fine.  --as other reviewers mentioned, the gmini\'s microphone is suprisingly good. i have a digital recorder, but the thing stinks compared to the gmini, both in terms of recording quality and length of recording (the gmini\'s hard drive is much larger than most digital recorders).  --i haven\'t gotten into videos on the gmini, but the demo video it came with looks great on the screen.  --the ipod has more status than all other mp3 players on the market, but when most of my friends see my gmini, they say, "oh, wow" and want to pick it up. it really is a cool little device. i have also come across many a scratched ipod--the devices seem prone to it--but i have had no such problems on my gmini.  --having a charger for the gmini is much better than it only charging when plugged into a computer, but dual compatibility would be nice. instead, it needs to be charging via the adapter when plugged into the computer. it\'s a minor nuisance, but i suppose it\'s worth it when you\'re on the road and you don\'t have a computer with you.  overall:  the good: the interface--not the buttons--is very user-friendly, playback and recording is truly outstanding, the screen is beautiful, uploading photos from a camera is very convenient, the device plays pictures, video and music on a television  the bad: some compatibility issues with itunes, battery life should be longer, you can\'t view photos while listening to music  the bottom line: this is the best mp3 player i have come across (and i have quite a bit of experience with ipods). but it\'s so much more than an mp3 player.  ', "the color is great, blue light is definitely sexy.  touch navigation was sensitive and easy to use.  uploading music was a breeze.  sound was great, even the color display was equal to my cell phone.  options for saving battery life (backlight timing, skin options, etc) nice touch.  slipped right into my pocket while shopping.  well all that is past tense because today (the 3rd day) i attempt to turn it on to fully discharge the battery before recharging and it will not even power up.  i figure it was in need of charging, so i plug it in to the wall... no life.  change outlets, no life.  i plug it into the usb and it shows nothing.  i'm so sad.  i love this little thing and now i may have to get an ipod which makes me feel like a sell out.  if anyone else had this problem and it is easily fixed, drop me a line.  i want to keep it, but only if it will work.  ", "after some careful research comparing players, i decided this sony was the right player for me because 1) i primarily want to add music from my cd collection, and this software, despite everyone's bellyaching, produces much better sound than ipod's.  i earned my living as a music critic for svereal years, and the sony sound is absolutely excellent. for classical music there's no comparison. 2) i travel overseas a lot and the ease of changing a little aaa battery, which lasts for 50 - 60 hours, is wonderful.  i know i'll have my music because i'm not dependent on finding outlets with the right plugs and risking blowing up my player on a bad voltage connection.    many of the complaints seem to arise from assumptions made about the player and capabilities it was not intended to feature, rather than product which doesn't live up to its claims.  i've just bought a new somy walkman a3000 20 gb because i want more storage, but i will keep this little beauty because it's the only one i know that runs on a battery. i'll also replace it if i can, should it's life run out before a newer version is available.  ", 'this is my first mp3 player and i just chose it after a good research over net and considering my budget.at first wanted to buy an ipod but considering the fact that,going to buy a pmp in near future,decided to go with flash-based players and also lower the price as much as i can my choices now become:creative zen n200-shuffle-nwe100 series.considering shuffles lack of features my main choice became n200 because of low price and featured-pack  package,but when i saw all those awfull ratings reviewers gave it and seeing it at store i went with my last choie:nw-e103 cause it has the nearest price to n200 and never go back. and now my expressions: after i got it,i must say it is very beautiful and stylish(i picked the one with orange color)to hide in your pocket!and also very small.sound quality is extreme as expected from sony products dont let other reviewers confuse you,it is excellent. and for the software side you can either drag&drop by updating mp3 file manager to v.2.o or using sonicstage 3.0-i must say after reading all those reviews which say it is a crap i found it very useful and also beautiful ui you can with a little effort import all your library and(you must rearrenge it) and then transfer them.you can also convert your songs to atrack3/plus and reduce their size so that you can double or triple your players space,wich i find very nice and useful,you can play with the settings and choose the bitrate that best suits you-in most cases you cant tell the diffrence after compression. the unit itself is well-built and can last a long time.face plate buttons are very intuitive and nice my only compliant is the usb cover and hold switch wich are not that easy to operate and wish it had 512mb or 1gb thats why i gave it 4 stars. over all very happy to buy it and recommend it.  ', "it seemed like a really good buy - under $200 for a 20gb a/v player,however, don't let the disk drive capacity and the recording features fool you....unless you don't intend to listen to mp3s on it.  the biggest annoyance, one that puts you off using it, is a migraine causing loud click at the start of each track. it is there no matter what volume you set the unit to.  secondly, it takes forever (a minute or two) to start playing a track from the menu. third...don't leave home without a pin to reset the unit every now and then.  it just would not turn on.  ", "this is the best player on the market. it records shows wonderfully. has built in speakers so can listen back. batteries last long time(4hr video mode). can update the hard drive with a laptop hard drive to whatever size you want.the remote works wonderfully. transcodes into divx for wonderfull playback. this a item to buy!! i'm glad i got it.  ", 'i saw another review with a broken usb connector problem. it happened to my muvo too. the connector is not really broken but is cleanly separated from the player (and attaches firmly to the battery unit). my muvo player is now completely useless. the cl "award winnging customer service" web site has no address or phone number to call for repair. needless to say, cr loses me as a customer.  ', "neat little player that worked great for me for almost 3 months.  then it dies for no apparent reason other than it is poorly made junk.  you hit the scroll wheel and it turns off.  i wish the power button worked half as well.  i'm shopping for a new player but it won't be one from creative.  ", "if you read the dimensions, the ipod mini doesn't seem that much smaller than the ipod, but when you hold it in your hand, the mini rules!  i always carried my big ipod in a case because it got scratched so easily, but the mini doesn't need one because the brushed finish doesn't pick up fingerprints.  so big ipod + case >> ipod mini.    i killed my last ipod by dropping it and shattering the lcd screen (ironically on the headphone that had been wrapped around the ipod).  to avoid that with my new mini, i take the included belt clip and clip it to the *front* of the mini, so the lcd is protected.  included protection!  the only thing that the new ipod mini's don't include is a separate power adapter.    ", "i got the muvo n200 for christmas. i previously had a samsung yp-35, and was more than satisfied with it. however, this blows the yepp out of the water. here's a list of some of the pros and cons i have found with the player.  pros 1. the volume range is great. i have never had to turn it all the way up, so you wont have a problem with it being too quiet like some other players. 2. the folder starage is great. instead of scolling throught a couple hundred songs, i can just go through a dozen or so folders. 3. great size. the thing is tiny 4. the button interface on it is very well laid out. i can use it in my pocket, without haveing to worry about hitting the wrong thing. 5. the recorder and microphone are great. i particularly liked that you could change the bit rate right on the player. (bit rate: higher bit rate= better quality, but larger file, and vice-versa.) 6. the line in ias a great feature. 7. really easy to use. just copy and paste your files. 8. completely customizable equalizer. 9. great options for the player's diplay. reversible screen, contrast, etc.  cons 1. like some other people commented, there is a buzz in the background when the light is on. however, you only barely notice if the volume is at lower than 23 or so. (the volume goes up to 40) 2. the ear phones, while they do sound pretty good, are huge. they definetly are not the most comfortable things in the world, but they soung pretty good, and you can always replace them.  overall, i think that this is definetly an awsome buy. personally, i don't think i will ever regret it. however, i've only had it for one day, so i'll change my review if anything comes up in the future. but as of rightnow, it is great.   ", "i own an older model and have experienced battery issues. when the unit was on the market and battery concerns were mentioned and archos said that they would replace the battery if the need arose. well, i need a new battery and guess what they said. they suggested that i throw away my 20 gig/mp3 player/video player because they no longer support the unit because my model is not current! i can't beleive that something i bought for hundreds of dollars 2 years ago that needs a battery should be tossed.   they said if i found a battery that i would still need to find someone handy with solder. when i inquired about the specs of the battery they said they didn't have any of that info.   not to mention that the battery is dead dead and the unit will not turn on even when plugged in. i can't access any of my files.   what a crock. i think i will buy something from someone who cares next time. buyer beware.   ", "after christmas i had some money from my family. i went on line and searched for a mp3 player. i found one that i like and went out right away to by it, but the store did not have it. so i looked around and saw this little guy and bought it. no sooner than i had it at home i was able to start to put music on it and it was great. i had some problems with gitting the kinks worked out to get all of my songs on there but now i have all the songs i wanted. i was able to fit 1300 songs on my player. i'm glad the other player was not in the store, my advice is to get this player.   ", "i received this item in the mail about 3 weeks ago and i have thoroughly enjoyed it.  i picked this up so that on my 2 week trip out of the country, i would not have to lug around a lot of heavy electronic equipment (i.e. laptop, chargers, etc...) in addition to my camera, lenses and flash cards.  as travelling by air has gotten a lot more challenging.  this little item will afford me nearly 40 gigs of storage for my raw images and jpegs.  i can shoot whatever i want and not have to worry about running out of room on my flash cards.  a note though.  most reviews state that it takes about 1-3min to download a cf card full of pictures.  i have found that if you have a lot of raw images, then, it takes quite a bit longer.  it took nearly 20-24 min to download my 4 gig card.  so, i still have to bring my charger and voltage converter for europe.  i also noted a lot of praise for the video vault program.  i tried it and i found that often on my movies  the sound was off of the video about 3-4 seconds later.  so, i downloaded a free trial of dvdclone mobile (i set it for itunes video and viola'!  no more worries.)  aaaaaaaaaand, it was a bit cheaper.    the epson p has a standard sd card and a cf card slot.  so, it is child's play to pop it outta the camera and plug it in.  the product manual shows you how.  it downloads quickly and reminds you to plug it in if you are going to be downloading off your cards for too long.    the picture viewer is awesome and allows you to zoom in on your pictures so you can spot fuzziness and poor quality quickly!  (instead of looking at a tiny 2 or 2 1/2inch lcd screen.)   highly recommended!!!.  for the reviewer that lost 2 or 3 files inexplicably and that does not trust this device.  one word of advice, download the card while the charger is connected--you copy the card,then, you page through the images to insure everything is there you want---then, you format your card after you are sure it's there. it says in the manual that if you download stuff on battery and you run outta juice--it might not copy correctly or at all.  i haven't had any problems while utilizing this device to it's fullest capacity.  i now travel with 12 or 15 movies on the hard drive.  when it's time for work, i delete a movie and free up a gig and a half.  or, i delete everything and have nearly 36 gigs of photo fun!!  (i haven't used that much space yet, but, we'll see--italy is right around the corner).  5 stars!  way to go epson!! (for all those missed connections)  ", "last sony music player i'll ever buy. i had to use the restore feature in windows to boot after the changes sonicstage made, and had to uninstall the program.  cannot use it without sonicstage, sonicstage will not work on my computer. i think i'll stick to players that will actually play mp3 files, instead of converting them into sony's proprietary format.  ", 'look this thing is perfect fro people who want quality but dont want to pay a arm and a leg for it ipod shuffle cost a little more and has no screen how am i supposed to memorize 300 songs in order to find them no im not going to   imp3 players dont need a radio becuase they get horrible reception probably becuase there is no antenna duuuuuuu ill just stick to a portable radio or my regular radio i dont want to listen to the radio when i got the music i acually want to listen to   who needs a voice recording radio recording ec... because mp3 players dont have any removeable parts you cant remove the recording so it is stuck in your player and all you can do is listen to it i rather have a tape so i can take it out and move it around  you dont really need alot of expandable memory becuase no one listens to 400 songs or more if you do then you are insane just delete songs you dont really like or trade songs back and forth when you get bored of a song but you want to keep it  we dont need video becuase if your working out or walking or sleeping ec.. then you dont want to watch some video of some kind so why pay 100 dollars more for it  the software isnt as hard as people think it does play mp3 you just need the patch i got the website for it and there is a patch for the music you can download you can get the music from a music match to and probably more   the shape is wierd and that makes it so much more great becuase you dont have to look at some ugly square or rectangle i-pod cough cough  and the shape makes it so it fits in your hand perfectly  no cas that is lie look on there website they sell one it should come with one but sony is a bunch of greedy exectutives   overall this mp3 player is the best   if you want the website for the patch to download mp3 or for diffrent downloading sites my email is hapkidoninja@yahoo.com  ', 'i bought it because i have an alienware computer and have been very happy with it, this has been a good player but not on the same level as their computers.  it playes mp3s, it has been durable, will it change the world or set the bar... no, but it was fair price.  ', 'very satisfied new ipod "video" 30gb user.  overall the thin shape, bright colorful screen and just the classic ipod interface has been a great first impression.  loading media unto it seems to take a few minutes but after its there, everything just works.  videos and photos both are sharp, colors viberant, and run with ease.  as most noted, it only works with usb, no firewire support, but that shouldnt be a huge deal since most users are usb equipped, i would recommend usb 2.0, 1.1 would take a very long time.  thanks apple, i enjoy this newest revision, 5 out of 5 stars to you in my book.  ', 'i went to bestbuy to get an ipod but ended up buying "philips hdd6330 30 gb mp3 player". i am impressed by its performance. i was little skeptical while buying, as this being a new product from philips. i got the 2 warranty which costed me another $30 and i am glad i got the warranty after looking at the reviews here. but quite frankly i didnt hv any problems till now. the product looks great!! its nice that they hv a inbuilt voice recorder which records pretty well. i would recommand this for the price. the only drawback is, it doesn\'t have that many accessories as an ipod.  ', "creative zen nano 1 gb mp3 player is an excellent player compared to others available in the market today. i have used sony, samsung but i find the performance and quality amazing. it is just above par compared to the branded products. it is very easy to use and no hassles of recharrging batteries. just one aaa and that's it, you are on the go...i recommend to everyone. with the memory chip prices coming down it will be soon available for [...] to me it was great buy for [...] i give 5 star rating...  ", "after listening to my sister-in-laws player, i had to have this!  i got it for christmas a little over a year ago, and have used it a lot.  i love the great sound, the tiny size, the radio, the clip and the rechargeable battery, easy of use, i could go on and on.  this little player is getting harder and harder to find, and i haven't found anything else that compares!  why isn't samsung (or any other manufacturer) making items like this anymore?  i absolutely love this mp3 player, and i am considering a second one just as a backup for when i need another one someday!  ", "never buy anything from ace photo and digital.  i encourage amazon to sever all relations with this disreputable company.  i purchased the samsung yp-t9 and it's defective.  i bought it to listen to audio books and it skips so badly i can't listen.  ace photo and digital are so sleazy they don't have the integrity to let me return it for credit.   ", 'the iriver mp3 player is not as fashion as ipod, but the c/p value is quite high. so far i really enjoy using this easy-operating and battery-saving mp3-player.  ', 'i purchased this model for its unique features, but will be returning it to the store today.  samsung had some good ideas. > usb hosting > crisp mic recording > line-in that doesn\'t require a cradle.  then they decided to implement a napster interface. not intuitive, guys.  you can use window media player 10 instead... but that sucks too. neither of them make it easy to change track, album, artist, or genre information... they wont even show the recordings you made with the yepp.  realplayer lets you see your recordings, but you can\'t play them (yet), nor can you modify track info.  to alter track info, you have to export the files to your computer, modify (e.g., right click in my computer, "properties"), then send them back to your player via wmp10/naps***.  bull$#*^.  the usb hosting only works for a dozen digital cameras (3 or 4 brands), and my sony cameras aren\'t on the list. it doesn\'t seem to work with any other type of usb device either, such as usb flash drives. i understand that if your camera will sinc, you can only download one picture at a time. i want more flexibility than that.  just think... you\'re on a trip w/o a laptop, you need to download your pictures to take more... but you can only do it one at a time.  wtf.  after you install a driver, yepp does work well as an external hard drive.  it provides good volume.  some distortion was noticed when using equilizer options. without eq, quality is just fine.  you can record audio from any source with the line-in.  all you need is a headphone jack to plug into.  i\'ve recorded comedy stand-up shows from tv and music tracks from movies (you can adjust the incoming volume to whatever you want, thereby undoing the muting they have on dvd\'s).  it allowed me to pause the recordings so as to get rid of commercial segments.    the mic works very well. you can be on the other side of the room and it will pick up the audio distinctly, even if faint.  it picks up high- and low- range sounds.  i\'m impressed. but again, renaming the files is a task.  when you delete the old files, they will continue to show up in your player\'s listings. you\'ll end up with a hundred entries of "voice 00## removed" in your library. it becomes very annoying.  almost as annoying as it\'s cumbersome power/usb cord.   this yepp could have been a great product, but the quirks just drive you nuts.  with sadness, i\'ll now return it to the store.   ', 'the first day i got the rca player it broke. the warrantee doesn\'t cover anything, but the hard drive. then we followed the instruction to update the item and it freezes up. we were put on hold "long distance call" for half and hour and then found out they have to replace it and they said that as to big of expense for the company. this is a pile of bs from ge and rca!!!! it is a pile of trash.  ', "malfunctions: 1. the port for connecting to a pc became loose and unreliable, frequently disconnecting while i was trying to transfer music. 2. the little knob stopped working properly:  it was no longer possible to fast-forward. 3. finally, the screen cracked for me and no longer displayed anything.  design issues: it would be nice to be able to access music by id3 tag (i.e. artist, genre, song title). it takes a long time to start up, generally ~20 seconds but up to ~2 minutes if you just changed the music on it. it's nice that you can delete music on the player without having to connect it to a computer, for instance if you have it on shuffle and you come across something that you never want to hear again.  however, the interface to do this was so inconvenient (including audio playback stopping and long lag times) that i rarely used this feature in practice. the earbuds that come with it didn't stay in my ears well; i bought new ones.  good things: i loved the fact that it had an fm radio and a voice recorder (the reasons that i bought it). it's easy to access the hard drive from any computer, without any software needed. the large storage capacity proved fully necessary. you can change playback modes with a single button press (shuffle versus ordered, all songs versus current folder only).  my basis for comparison:  i've also owned a creative zen jukebox (which i liked a lot but which i sold because i wanted the fm radio and voice recorder on the iaudio) and, currently, a used fourth generation ipod, which has been working well so far except for some occasional quirks.  ", 'been using it for a year now and never had any problems, battery life is excellent, but i think i bought too much of a capacity have used only 27gb max ;)...  my best buy so far!  ', 'it\'s really unstable and unreliable from my experience with it. when i first got it, i really liked it. it was rather easy to use and the sound quality was more than i could ask for. didn\'t use the head buds it came with, i prefer large bulky headphones. :d i got it as a christmas present from my parents, specifically for i trip i was taking to work on a project. i would be needing it because i was making makeshift desks and my computer was no longer an adequate mp3 player anymore. not exactly portable. this would be my first portable mp3 player.  i was a little suspicious of the touch...button---light things at first, but they grew on me because it could brush on the floor and it wouldn\'t be effected. i could care less about fancy interfaces or how it looks, just as long as it works. i wanted it for one thing and one thing only, to use it as an mp3 player. and for a time, it was good. it worked, with a small complaint about how long it took to transfer files. but that was no biggie, at the time i only had 2,000 songs. it only took a few hours...  but then one day i pause and get up to go to the bathroom and come back to find that it was frozen...the screen was on and the hardrive was dead. for a while there, i was panicking. then i went to the ridiculously-over-the-top faq and found out how to reset it. i thought my problems were over, i was liking it a little less though, but heck, it was a minor bug and i thought that would be the end of it.  how very wrong i was.   after that i had no problems for a while. it was working and i was very happy with it. it was somewhat reliable, although i couldn\'t figure out how to do the playlists. (i was liking having the one it came with) and i didn\'t want to use windows media player, the program is a little on the evil side. it worked just fine with dragging the files via windows explorer.  one day, i turn it on, and the list of songs is empty. there\'s nothing....i panic. i plug it into the computer and discover that all the songs are still there, mysteriously though they do not show up on the device. i do what i\'ve done before, i get rid of all the songs and start again. i finally give in and see if "syncing" is any faster. it was fast at first, then it slowed down, then it stopped completely, then (big surprise :o) the program crashes. thanks a lot wmp. t_t  my collection has grown...a bit since then, too. so now i\'m stuck with an empty unreliable buggy mp3 player. looks like my computer is currently my main jukebox.  overall nice concept. i don\'t care for fancified things, i like it when they work, but this machine is unfortunately style over substance.  they should have worked out the very apparent bugs before releasing it. they were in such a hurry to release the windows answer to the ipod, which in itself sounds like something worrisome.  i give it two stars. easy to use and rather nice...when its working. usually it isn\'t.  ', 'my ipod definitely lived up to the hype.  i love it.  i thought watching videos on it would be foolish because of the small screen, but the truth is the video is crystal clear and i had no problems whatsoever watching tv shows like "lost," "desperate housewives," or "30 rock" on it.  ', "i didn't receive the item, i don't think it was the seller's fault, it just didn't arrive.  ", '...or in this case a true "mobile dvr."  the gmini is an awesome device and the archos av500 is like it\'s slightly larger brother with a fantastic 4" widescreen.  it comes complete with a docking station giving it dvr  capabilities and it makes transferring video to this device extremely simple - literally plug and record directly to it.  you can record from dvds or timeshift and use it like a dvr and record tv shows directly.  personally i prefer converting the files myself as the video looked better than my first shot at direct recording from dvd.  this also comes with a nice custom case, and all the needed a/v cables.  did i mention the awesome screen?  excellent product.  ', "this product is good in a lot of ways. small, lightweight, and joystick feature is easy to use. but it can be defective in a lot of ways too. in order to unfreeze the player, you have to find a small pin to fit in the tiny hole on the side. if you have no access to one at the time, it stays locked and then the battery could die completely. and i dont see an access point to even get to the battery.  sometimes the inside of the product with turn defective after a while. my boyfriend's creative that i gotten him, the usb part couldn't find the usb cable connected to it, even though its been working fine for a month.  my creative product had a defect in the earphones after almost a year of using it. so i wouldnt recommend this product or many creative products to my friends and family anymore.   ", "i bought a 6gb micro in 4/06..after several months the screen locked up...i tried everything including a new battery...$200 bucks in the trash! don't buy creative anything..terrible product....... terrible company..   ", "i recently purchased one and the first one would not turn on even though we changed the batteries a few different times. we exchanged that one for another one thinking it was just faulty. the next one allowed us to turn it on and even put a song on it. when we went to put more songs on it the computer would not recognize it. we persisted, we tried uninstalling and reinstalling the programs and reseting the computer but it just wouldnt work. we also returned that one. dont buy this product. the user's guide is worth nothing and costumer service doesnt make sense. even though this product seems to be a great deal dont buy it. go for something from a company you already trust.  ", "i first bought this device as a gift for my soon to be wife. i intended to put movies and music on it for her to enjoy while traveling.  putting music on it was easy, movies were a slight problem, but there were surprises that redeemed the unit.  the best thing about the device was the usb connection.  i can hook it up to my windows or mac computer and the computer sees the av700 as a disk drive.  so moving files, mp3 and avi's, is as easy as drag and drop.  once the music was on the av700, it categorized it by artist, album, etc, just like an ipod.  movies were a bit tricky.  the av700 would not play my dvix files, but converting them to xvid worked.  i tried several video converter programs, some free and a couple for pay, to find a program that would convert dvd's or avi's to xvid and do it well.  when i say well, i mean that the video was sharp and not jumpy and the sound synchronized correctly.  the best converter i found was avs video converter 4.    one surprise was the ability to download your digital pictures to the av700 for safekeeping.  this made the device great for long travel trips when our digital camera fills up.  we can move the pictures to the av700 and keep on shooting.  the other surprise was the sheer size of the drive made it also usable as a backup device for my 30gig laptop.  all in all, it's great.  ", "i have to say that the zen vision:m is a fantastically designed piece of equipment, as far as how good the electronics of the thing is. it can play most everything you can throw at it, especially most of the video formats used by groups puting television shows on the net. this was one of the main reasons that i bought the player (i am currently living in korea, and the only way i can watch american television is by downloading episodes).  but there is a downside that has been present in both the 60gb model that i recently returned to amazon as well as the 30gb model i previously had: annoying dust will get under the external plastic casing and onto the lcd inside. if you don't mind your portable media player having dust on the screen, than i guess i would still recommend this player for you, but for people like me, it will drive you insane.  though the video playback is not as rebust and i will have to convert everything i download from the net for it, i will be going for a video ipod next, because of its better external manufacturing. i really with the vision:m would have worked out for me, because other than that one flaw, it is a great piece of electronics.  ", "tiny, easy to use, with a capacious memory and excellent sound, this device has freed me from the tape players/recorders, cd players, and radios i used to carry evreywhere. it allows me to download, without cost, many books from my public library (whose system won't work with an ipod). it plays for a long time before needing recharging and then can be recharged either on the computer with a usb cord or same shaped cell phone charger with wall plug. ever the cheapskate, i bought this refurbished but ir has worked beautifully. the sleep timer function (along with my pillow speaker)allows me to go to sleep listening and more important go back to sleep after waking. the fm radio works well but i haven't tried the other functions. my only criticism is not for this player but the general family of digital audio players: they are all designed for music listeners, not book listeners. we may be a smaller part of your market but we exist and would appreciate being taken into account in instructions, labeling, etc.  ", "i was initially pleased with the ease and low cost of this unit.  but, as they say, you get what you pay for.  in two weeks time i found myself constantly interrupting my workouts to turn it back on.  it would just die, for no apparent reason.  sometimes it would last 30 minutes.  sometimes 30 seconds.  i changed the batteries.  i checked the menu options.  it made no difference.  for its replacement, i've paid more attention to the reviews and less to the price tag.  ", 'i never had to use customer support, that\'s why it gets four stars. wow i have owned this wonderful toy for a year never had a problem with. i have dropped it! it rebooted and rebuilt the library. it does so much. records, records your favorite radio programs too. (think felix hernandez) keeps data and photos (no video) create play lists whatever suits your mood. it\'s like walking around with your own theme music. an equalizer, choose your list random or planned. play all or play some. adjust the volume. oh and another thing get your own headphones. creative gives you an excellent product then gives you really cheap ear phones. but if your thinking of buying this at 8gb think twice and get more than 3 times as much space for the same price.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000ea8u12/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/105-2427411-7001231">creative zen sleek photo 20 gb multimedia player (aluminum/white)</a> same price but get more, more more! a  little larger, same functions but at 20gb you\'ll lose your mind and make extensive use of amazon\'s very varied music library.  ', "another case of great hardware and the crappiest software. come one people, i know about lab testing, but they had to find out that this software is the junkiest, and buggiest thing ever.  with the looks of the hardware, this could've been the ipod competition, but with the software it's got, forget about it!  ", 'this mp3 player is trash. the battery dies every other day. half the time it shuts off for no reason. can not get the voice recorder to even work. it holds the songs and it sounds great when it actually works.  ', "i got this one for christmas. after using it for a few weeks, it's going back and getting replaced with an ipod. my wife has the ipod, and it is much easier to use than the creative. the creative certainly is not as easy to use as the ipod, and it also feels as though it is not made as well. you can pretty much tell after using them side-by-side that this is creative's attempt at copying the ipod. they do a good job of making it look similar, but it just doesn't stack up to the quality of the ipod.  ", "the ipod is great only when you are being around your house or the car. what about people, who are going camping, or flying overseas (the charger is not compatible with 220v) the battery is not removable!!!   i went on vacation and forgot my charger. boy was i disappointed especially finding out that i didn't charge the unit before i left.  apple did not make the battery removable at least i could buy an extra one, like treo 650 a cell phone and mp3 player. after a year or two the rechargeable battery needs to be replaced with the new one by sending the unit to apple. is apple moving back to 30 years old technology??? i am sure that a lot of people thinking about it, but they are still buying ipods because of the marketing and good sound of the unit.   ", "i got this as a gift for my daughter a couple years back and she still uses it to listen to music.  it navigates through the songs and playlists easily.  if you don't have a ton of music to store and you only need your favorites for walks, workouts, biking, etc, this is a great value for the money.  ", "the sound is good, the transfer of files to and from the laptop are easy enough.  my problems:  * there are only a few buttons to do many things.  what the button does depends on how many times you click it (sort of like double-clicking a mouse), and which menu, and what stage of that menu, you're in.  only, the buttons don't always seem to work as they should.  so you're always navigating about all sorts of menus and submenus that you don't really want to be in, seeking the menu you want.  * the screen is tiny.  and though it's lit in blue, the lighting doesn't last long.  you can't ponder the menu long before it goes dark.  maybe iriver figures that if you're over 40, you're not a valuable consumer for mp3s anyway, so who cares whether you can easily see the menu or not?  trying to read the menus (impossible at nightime), and then navigate about the menus, clicking and double-clicking, is a frustrating experience.  i'd prefer an mp3 recorder with more dedicated buttons (i.e., buttons that each do only one thing), and a bigger, brighter screen.  ", "i've had two of these units for more than 5 months.  i was extremely disappointed after my first use as i used it for live recording and the audio was full of crackling spikes.  i ordered another unit and kept the original to see if there was any difference between them. the new unit had the same crackling audio problem, but i discovered that if you choose tv tuner as the input first (without an antenna attached), you'll find that some of the channels have the crackling static on them while others do not.  this seems to be unit-dependent, but once you find a channel without static, you can select that channel before you start recording, hit 'back' to leave the tv tuner mode, then select the input source you desire and you'll have no static in the resultant recording. i really like the unit for recording... in the best mode, it creates mp4 files approximately 1.8gb/hr. in vga fine mode. a couple of negatives keep this from 5 stars: - you need the unit's base and power supply to record video.  just a warning. - i can only get about 3mb/s transfer from this unit as a usb-attached device all that being said, i really like the units i have and would recommend them for anyone that needs a portable recorder and can live with it's limitations.  ", 'after much contemplation and reading both horrible and raving reviews on this player, i decided to take the risk and buy one.  i just couldn\'t resist the tiny size (fits in the palm of my hand), bean shape and with me being so girly, the pink color of course;)  after using an old intel personal audio player 3000 for the last 4 yrs that only held 50 mp3 songs (that was with a 128 memory stick added!) anything was going to be a definate upgrade!  all i have to say is this: if you can read an instruction manual, and are even half way computer savvy with installing some software (very easy to use - no installation errors either!) and following prompts, you will have no trouble with this player!  i have no idea why all these people are tearing it to shreds saying it sucks and is hard to use.  with most electronics i\'ve ever bought, you normally do sit down with the instruction manual to figure out how to use all the functions!  when i got my last cell phone i spent at least an hour playing with it to figure everything out, and basically that\'s the same thing you will do with this.  like a gal said a couple comments below mine, the slider cover is not a big deal, it\'s not "loose and wobbly", if you happen to flick it in the hold position, flick it back!  the entire hour i fiddled with it, it never slipped into that position anways!  as for the hissing complaint, i hear none!  the only way you would, would be if your mp3 track was ripped and recorded onto your computer/downloaded off the internet with a hiss in it - it\'s all about the quality of the tracks you are putting on it! or if you are listening to the radio and certain commercials have a hiss - which a lot do as well (when songs came on it sounded perfect).  otherwise it was dead silent switching between tracks.  it has awesome sound, however i knew i wouldn\'t like the ear phones that came with it, as they were the hard plastic earbuds.  i opted to buy the sony mdr-ex51lp fontopia headphones instead.  they even come in a silverish pink color and match the player!  plus they have super nice silicone covered buds in different sizes that fit snug and feel wonderful like they aren\'t even in your ears!  you can also purchase the sony bean cse31arm armband so you don\'t have to carry it around and worry about dropping it!  and one last thing - the screen savers are my favorite part...the floating fruits, sky, water are so dang cute:)  ok, if you are a guy you obviously won\'t care;)  but for a girl this is the ultimate girly mp3 player!  i\'d take this over an ipod anyday, since they are bigger (even the minis) and because everyone has one!  i like to be unique and haven\'t seen anyone carrying around one of these yet.  i give this player and the fontopia ear phones an a++++++++++   go buy one now! :)     ', "super fast shipping from sony. i got mine for $79, i don't know why they raised the price. anyway i've had mine for a few days now and i'm completely satisfied, didn't have to read the manual, for me it was as simple as any cd player or walkman.  however, like most other people i did have some issues with the sonicstage software not accepting some of your files, but i just figured that all you need to do is convert your files to .wav instead of .mp3 before you add them.  look: comes in lots of cool shades, i liked the design much better than the ipod.  battery: this mp3 player is supposed to have some kind of technology that allows you to enjoy hours and hours of listening time before having to recharge, which still takes a few minutes. i left mine on accidentally all night yesterday, and woke up with it still running, with more than 3/4 full battery.  the only other con i would say are the very awkward headphones, the right piece is twice as long as the left, but you can always get replacements.  other than that, i'm very satisfied with my purchase.  ", 'i was happy with this player in the beginning until i began having problems with some wma and mp3 files.  they just won\'t play on the device unless i reformat it and copy them back on.  sandisk support always say it\'s a normal process to reformat a device once in a while.  i don\'t think so!  well, at least not every 2 weeks...  now my warranty is expired since a week and sandisk completely refuse to exchange it.  they just say "sorry for the inconvenience".  well, i say "sorry, but you lost a customer!"    also, be aware that they only support windows xp under the mtp mode.  i tried putting some files on the device using the msc mode which is compatible with windows 2000.  the device will play the files but when you try to play a complete album, the songs will play them sorted by title instead of track number!  ', 'i own the 8gb player, not the 12gb, but i hate it so much i thought i\'d let anyone considering this version know as well.  normally, i really try and shy away from 1 star ratings, but this product i\'m afraid warranted it. i have not had good luck with its reliability. a month into owning it, it stopped completing its start-up cycle. trekstor was was fairly nice about having me return it for a replacement (tho they didn\'t send me pre-payed shipping labels like hp has). now giving them the benefit of the doubt, it could have been a fluke and a bad unit. but immediately upon receiving the second one, it gives faulty "back cover removed" errors and shuts off. since it\'s more than 90 days since i bought it from jr electronics thru amazon, they will not let me return it to them.  so i payed for this one to be returned as well, and it hasn\'t completely died on me yet.  that said, here\'s how i rate the non-reliability issues:  pros -really elegant, snazzy look -great drag-and-drop way of adding/removing songs; it appears as a usb disk. -allegedly wide variety of supported formats  cons -rotating wheel control is sometimes cumbersome and redundant with other buttons that do the same thing -player has trouble with .oggs unless they are perfectly encoded; it\'s not that it won\'t play them--it plays them, then freezes up at the end of the song, and won\'t respond to anything until the battery has been removed *and then* the unit has been plugged into your usb port. -other random freezeups too.  ', "don't waste your money. what iriver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. i will never buy one of their products again and i'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products. my system cost me $340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at iriver  ", "i bought it for my dad and i haven't heard any complaints. so i guess everything is working ok. but those head phones are huge!!   "]
0.666666666667
