So the flipkart customer services said-Almost all the pieces have volume problem. That's explains the low price. I've requested for replacement but they are ready to refund as none of the pieces are good. Well then why on earth Flipkart is selling the defective pieces knowingly?


i ordered my tv and got this product on promise date but the problem is when i received the product i was told that a guy would come for installation within 48 hours.
its almost 10days no one has turned up for installation.
i m really unhappy with this
i m a frequent buyer from flipkart but this product has changed my thinking towards flipkart
coz if u can't delight ur customer whats the use buying from here
i called flipkart even chat almost 3 times i contacted flipkart guys no one turned up. when i called micromax they say there is no registraion of an installtion
i had a lost of Rs.1000/- as i did installation from an outsider he charged me RS.1000/-
now who will pay Rs.1000/- will flipkart pay huh very disappointing


Nice beautiful and technically good LED in the price tag and flipkart has delivered it safe a day earlier than the scheduled delivery time --but I'm very sorry to say that after sales service from Micromax is extremely poor which will made me to think many times to purchase a Micromax LED. Now micromax saying it will not support 5.1 home theater & it will only support 2.1 audio system.What a pathetic TV !!
so if possible i will rate -.


This is one of my worst experience in Getting order delivery. I would not rate best on TV, its really nice and one of the best Product. but i would like to give negative point to Flipkart service for their Customer service / Installation of Product / Communication about delay / Commitment which they made with their client.

It was really nightmare for me to get product at my house and installation done and experience with calling multiple time with Flipkart Support team.

About Product , its one of the best Product with really good Picture quality, i would recommended any one to buy this product but not from Flipkart with that poor customer communication/commitment level.


I ordered this product on 3rd of May and received a call the very same evening from flipkart saying they would be delivering the product on 4th. The next day morning the product arrived in a spick and span condition with the proper delivery equipment.
Now about the Television:
Pros:
####
1. Amazing picture quality. I feel the picture quality is better than the Sony range of 32inches and equavelent to the samsung 32 inch quality.
2. The tv is light as a feather and extremely easy to install. I installed it myself on the stand and it is easy, steardy as well as allows you the flexibility to turn or ild the viewing position.
3. It has 2 USB ports compared to other TVs in it's segment which have just 1 and are much more expensive. Whats more that it plays all the formats expect for the FLV.
4. 2 HDMI ports allows for multiple products without having the hassle of using one or the other and the optical fibre audio output allows for connection to home theatres.

Cons:
####
1. The sound quality could have been a little better but it is perfectly fine to the normal TV viewer and in case you wish to really enhance the sound you can always connect speakers to the auxiliary port.
2. The remote could be a tad better responsive.

I would recommend this TV for anyone who wishes to enjoy HD quality LED viewing without having to spend like crazy on brands like Sony or Samsung.


Yesterday i got this TV from flipkart .Thanks for flipkart such a great product delivering and giving less price compared to other market prices.

Pros:
1.Picture quality is very nice,i cant tell in words..
2.i connected my 1 TB hard disk ,it supporting all formats like Mp4,MKV,mp3,AVi,divx etc.
and displaying images JPEG,png,bmp, it will support to read .txt file also.
3.we can play music files.
4.looks very nice and really you wont get this price with any other companies like Samsung,lg,etc.even it has two usb ports and audio input,Samsung ,lg ,Sony they will give only one usb and no audio outputs.
5.coming to price lesser than other brands. and tv remote control features also very nice easily can operate.
6.sound also good and there is power audio option u can adjust more loud volume also.

CONS:
no negative points in my point of view.

really worth buying of this product such a a price u wont get anywhere like this features with less cost.but people will think if it is foreign product means something will be there ,stop those thinking ,try to use Indian products.

i observed people are telling mkv format is not giving sound,because if audio is in dts format it wont play,upto now no led hd reay Tv except smart tv'swont support this format you have to convert to ac3 audio format ,then it will play... Any doubts you can ask me.


Dont look any further if your budget is below 25k. Display quality will blow you away, even the sound quality is excellent.

Best of all, FK got the tv installed in my home within 30hrs flat.


Excellent product. Flipkart delivery was prompt. Product comes with wall mounting or table top accessories.Micromax technician came and installed in 2 days. Wall mounting without extra charge. Clarity is awesome. Using since 2 weeks now and no complaints.


Got it from market at rupee 17.5k and using it since one month and very happy with quality of tv,specially display quality and connectivity options.


SOUND DEFECT IN THE PRODUCT VIA USB MANY OF THE MOVIES IN MKV FORMAT AUDIO SOUND IS NOT SUPPORTING IS THE BIGGEST DEFECT IN THE PRODUCT OTHER USAGE LIKE SET TOP BOX IS WORKING GOOD BUT SOUND QUALITY IS NOT MUCH WELL


1 star


1 star


1 star


1 star


5 stars


5 stars


5 stars


5 stars


4 stars


2 stars


